Q:How many ZUS Member Loyalty Levels/Tiers are there?
Q:What is the minimum spend required for free delivery for ZUS Easy Goer Members, ZUS Rising Star Members, Q:ZUS Super Addict members, and ZUS Elite Members?
Q:What are the unique benefits that ZUS Elite Members receive that are not available to other levels?
Q:How many ZUS Points do the various ZUS membership levels earn per RM1 spent?
Q:What birthday benefit is common across all ZUS member/tiers?
A:There are 4 different Zus Member Levels/Tiers
As a ZUS "Easy Goer" Member, the benefits are Freebies Enjoy 1 x Buy 1 Free 1 Voucher with every 10x cups purchased (Not applicable for purchases with discount vouchers) RM30 Free Delivery Free delivery when you spend RM30 and above Birthday Treats Buy 1 Free 1 slice of cake on your special day ZUS Points Earn 1x ZUS Point for every RM1 spent *Total order amount excluding SST charges and after deduction of any vouchers. *Order(s) applied with discount voucher are not eligible for cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade. 
As a ZUS "Rising Star" Member, the benefits are Freebies Enjoy 1x complimentary drink with every 9x cups purchased (Not applicable for purchases with discount vouchers) RM27* Free Delivery Free delivery when you spend RM27 and above Birthday Treats Buy 1 Free 1 slice of cake on your special day ZUS Points Earn 1.5x ZUS Point for every RM1 spent *Total order amount excluding SST charges and after deduction of any vouchers. *Order(s) applied with discount voucher are not eligible for cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade. 
As a ZUS "Super Addict" member, the benefits are Freebies Enjoy 1x complimentary drink with every 8x cups purchased (Not applicable for purchases with discount vouchers) RM25* Free Delivery Free delivery when you spend RM25 and above Birthday Treats Buy 1 Free 1 slice of cake on your special day ZUS Points Earn 2x ZUS Point for every RM1 spent VIP Access Exclusive invitations to Grand Launch events *Total order amount excluding SST charges and after deduction of any vouchers. *Order(s) applied with discount voucher are not eligible for cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade. 
As a ZUS "Elite" Member, the benefits are Freebies Enjoy 1x complimentary drink with every 8x cups purchased (Not applicable for purchases with discount vouchers) RM25* Free Delivery Free delivery when you spend RM25 and above Birthday Treats 2x Birthday vouchers for your big day! 1. Buy 1 Free 1 slice of cake 2. Free Hot Meal with purchase of any 1x handcrafted drink ZUS Points Earn 3x ZUS Point for every RM1 spent VIP Access Exclusive invitations to Grand Launch events Monthly Exclusive Deals Enjoy 2x Discount Vouchers and Free Delivery on 1x Delivery Order every month. *Total order amount excluding SST charges and after deduction of any vouchers. *Order(s) applied with discount voucher are not eligible for cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.

Q:When will you receive the Buy 1 Free 1 Cake voucher on your birthday?
Q:What is the minimum purchase required to use the free slice of cake voucher?
Q:How many slices of cake should you add to your cart to redeem the Birthday cake voucher?
Q:How do you ensure that you get the free slice when redeeming the voucher?
Q:What should you do if you need more information or face difficulties while using the voucher?
A:ZUS Birthday deal/voucher/offer:
On your birthday at 12 am, you will receive a Buy 1 Free 1 Cake voucher. The minimum purchase to enjoy the free slice cake voucher is just 1 slice of cake.
How to redeem as below:
Step 1: Add 2 slices of cake to your cart
Step 2: Add Cake Voucher - Click the Birthday cake voucher.
Step 3: Proceed with the payment as the lowest cake price will be deducted.
Should you need further assistance, please do not hesitate to let us know. 
Happy fabulous Birthday! 🎉

All ZUS members/tiers enjoy the Buy 1 Free 1 Cake voucher for their birthday.
There are no free drinks or other products for the Buy 1 Free 1 birthday deal.


Loyalty FAQ
Q: How can I join the ZUS Coffee Club and access ZUS Balance?
Q: How do I become a member of ZUS Coffee Club?
Q: What's the first step to use ZUS Balance after downloading the ZUS App?
A: Simply create an account via our ZUS App and you will automatically become a ZUS Coffee Club member. From here, you can top up your ZUS Balance seamlessly.

Q: What functionalities does the ZUS App offer in terms of payment and rewards?
Q: How do I earn ZUS Points, and what can I use them for?
Q: Can you explain the different features of the ZUS App, like ZUS Balance, ZUS Points, ZUS Rewards, and ZUS Mission?
A: ZUS Balance - A feature only on ZUS App that allows you to load a monetary value onto your account for quicker checkout. ZUS Points - Points you can earn with every purchase via ZUS App. ZUS Rewards - Exclusive perks treats for ZUSsies that can be redeemed with ZUS Points. ZUS Mission - A simple task you can complete via ZUS App in order to earn ZUS Points. I've started the Mission but didn't get any points from my purchase. Missions must be started before your order is completed.

Q: How do I increase my membership level on the ZUS App?
Q: What determines my membership ranking in the ZUS App?
Q: How can I move up from the Easy Goer and Rising Star membership levels?
A: Keep drinking more ZUS! The more cups you purchase over time, the higher your membership ranking on ZUS App.

Q: How can I accumulate more cups to get a free drink?
Q: Are there any exclusions when trying to earn cup counts for complimentary drinks?
Q: Does purchasing discounted items contribute to my cup count?
A: You can earn more cup counts by ordering any handcrafted drink at full price. Discounted Price Items and Discount vouchers used are not applicable for cup counts for complimentary drinks.

Q: Why did ZUS Coffee introduce the ZUS Balance feature?
Q: What's the main advantage of using ZUS Balance?
Q: How does ZUS Balance enhance the checkout experience for users?
A: We wanted to create an easier checkout method for our ZUSsies! Save time and skip the hassle. :)

Q: What steps do I need to follow to add funds to my ZUS Balance?
Q: How do I reload my ZUS Balance in the app?
Q: Are there specific amounts I can choose from when topping up my ZUS Balance?
A: Login to your ZUS Coffee account via ZUS App. Click on the Top Up button from the main menu or from the ZUS Coffee Club members page. Select your preferred top-up amount to reload ZUS Balance. Select your preferred payment method to reload ZUS Balance. Click Top Up Now. Complete the form in the payment gateway and your reload is complete! There are several options of fixed amount available for you to top up, which include RM10, RM30, RM50, RM100 and RM200.

Q: How long is my ZUS Balance valid for?
Q: When does the ZUS Balance expire if I don't use it?
Q: What happens to any remaining balance after my ZUS Balance expires?
A: Your ZUS Balance will expire if not used or is inactive in three (3) years from the last transaction date (inclusive of activation and last reload date). Thereafter, your ZUS Balance shall be deemed expired, is not valid for any use and will be automatically deactivated. Any remaining ZUS Balance will be automatically forfeited upon deactivation under any circumstances and cannot be refunded to you.

Q: What is the maximum value my ZUS Balance can hold?
Q: How much money can I have in my ZUS Balance at any given time?
Q: Is there a cap on the amount I can load onto my ZUS Balance?
A: ZUS Balance can hold a maximum amount of RM500 in ZUS App.

Q: Is it possible to gift ZUS Balance to someone?
Q: How do I purchase ZUS Balance as a gift for a friend?
Q: Can I buy gift vouchers for ZUS Balance and if so, in what denominations?
A: Yes, you can! You can purchase ZUS Balance Gift Vouchers with a value of RM10, RM30, RM50, RM100 and RM200 with a minimum quantity of 10x each. Simply email marketing@zuscoffee.com with your desired gift card value and quantity and we will revert back with more information.

Q: How does ZUS Coffee handle the privacy of my ZUS Balance information?
Q: Is my ZUS Balance transaction data kept private?
Q: Can ZUS Coffee share my credits and transaction details without my permission?
A: All customer information in regards to ZUS Balance, including but not limited to credits and transaction details, will not be shared without your permission.

Q: Is it possible for my coffee club membership level to be downgraded?
Q: How do I maintain my current ZUS membership level?
Q: What happens if I don't buy enough coffee during a Reward Period?
A: Yes. Your membership level risks getting downgraded when you do not collect enough coffee cups from your transactions. For example: If you do not collect enough coffee cups during Reward Period 1 (1 Jan - 31 March) to maintain your current membership level, you will lose your current membership title and the privileges that come with it during Reward Period 2.

Q: Where can I find the number of cups required to maintain or advance my membership level?
Q: How many cups are needed for each membership level during a Reward Period?
Q: Is there a way to check how many cups I need for the next membership level?
A: You can refer to our ZUS App for the number of cups you need to collect to maintain or upgrade your membership level. Just click on your membership level title (Easy Goer, Rising Star, Super Addict, ZUS Elite) on the Home page. Bear in mind that each Reward Period will restart the cup count from 0.

Q: If my membership level decreases, do I lose my collected cup counts?
Q: What happens to my earned cup counts if my membership gets downgraded?
Q: Are my cup counts for complimentary drinks affected if my membership drops?
A: No. Your earned cup counts will remain despite being downgraded. You will just need to collect more cup counts to achieve your complimentary drink based on your membership level.

Q: What's needed to keep the ZUS Elite membership level?
Q: How many cups are required in one Reward Period to maintain the ZUS Elite status?
Q: As a ZUS Elite member, what should I do to ensure I retain this level?
A: To maintain the highest level membership of ZUS Coffee Club (ZUS Elite), you will need to collect a minimum of 16x cups in one Reward Period.

Q: If I buy multiple drinks in a single transaction, can I be upgraded multiple membership levels?
Q: Can a single large purchase result in multiple membership level upgrades?
Q: How many membership levels can I jump with one large transaction?
A: Each transaction is only entitled for a one-level upgrade of membership at a time.

Q: Can I share or transfer my ZUS Coffee Club perks with someone else?
Q: Is it possible to give my ZUS Points or membership level to another person?
Q: Can ZUS Balance and membership benefits be moved to another account?
A: Unfortunately, this is a no. Membership levels, ZUS Balance, ZUS Points, and ZUS Rewards are strictly non-transferrable or exchangeable.

Q: What should I do if the ZUS store system is down or not working?
Q: Can I still use my ZUS Balance for payments if there's a system outage?
Q: Who should I contact if I can't make a payment via ZUS Balance due to technical issues?
A: During system issues, we are unable to accept payment via ZUS Balance. Kindly seek our Customer Service team for assistance at support@zuscoffee.com.

ZUS Loyalty/Reward Points:
Q: What's the method to accumulate ZUS Points and how can I use them for rewards?
Q: How are ZUS Points earned through the ZUS App?
Q: What is the process of exchanging ZUS Points for ZUS Rewards?
A: You earn ZUS Points with every transaction of a min. spend of RM1 via ZUS App. You can redeem ZUS Rewards with your earned ZUS Points.

Q: Where can I view the number of ZUS Points I've gained during a transaction?
Q: During checkout, how can I identify how many ZUS Points I'll receive?
Q: How can users be informed of the ZUS Points they will receive from a purchase?
A: The number of ZUS Points you will earn is shown on the checkout page with each transaction made.

Q: Why do some members accumulate ZUS Points at a different rate than others?
Q: What determines the rate at which I earn ZUS Points?
Q: How does membership level influence the accumulation of ZUS Points?
A: The higher your membership level, the more ZUS Points you earn!

Q: How can I monitor the ZUS Points I've earned so far?
Q: Where in the app can I view my ZUS Points history?
Q: Is there a way to see my history of ZUS Points collection?
A: You can track your ZUS Points history under your ZUS Coffee Club Membership page via the app.

Q: What benefits or items can I obtain using my accumulated ZUS Points?
Q: What kind of vouchers or rewards can be acquired through ZUS Points?
Q: Where can I see the available rewards for my ZUS Points?
A: A lot! Check out our ZUS Rewards for a list of vouchers you can redeem with your ZUS Points.

Q: How long do ZUS Points and ZUS Rewards remain valid?
Q: What's the validity period for ZUS Points and the Rewards I get?
Q: Do ZUS Points and ZUS Rewards have an expiration date?
A: ZUS Points: As long as you make one (1) point-earning transaction within 3 months of your last transaction, your ZUS Points will remain active. ZUS Rewards: You can check the expiry of your ZUS Rewards vouchers on the voucher itself within your ZUS App.

Q: Where should I reach out for queries or to provide feedback about ZUS?
Q: Who can assist me if I have questions or concerns about ZUS Points and Rewards?
Q: How can I contact customer service for ZUS-related enquiries?
A: Kindly seek our Customer Service team for assistance at support@zuscoffee.com.

Q: What's the procedure to redeem my ZUS Points for rewards on the mobile app?
Q: Can you guide me through the steps to exchange ZUS Points for rewards on the Zus Coffee App?
Q: How can I use my ZUS Points to get rewards via the Zus Coffee Mobile App?
A: How to redeem reward points via Zus Coffee Mobile App: 1. Launch the Zus Coffee Mobile app 2. Select "Rewards" at the navigation bar below 3. Select "Redeem Rewards" tab 4. Depending on the amount of points you've accumulated, you can choose your rewards accordingly 5. Tap on the reward, and click on "Redeem Now".


Voucher/Deal/Promotion FAQ:
Q: What is the main purpose of the BUY 1 FREE 1 voucher?
Q: For which type of ZUS App users is the BUY 1 FREE 1 voucher meant?
Q: What is the maximum discount amount I can get with the BUY 1 FREE 1 voucher?
A: Our BUY 1 FREE 1 voucher is reserved for welcoming our first-time ZUS App users! With the voucher, ZUSsies will be eligible to purchase a minimum of 2 drinks and have the lowest base rate of the drink waived (2nd cup capped at RM10.50 per transaction). Note: The voucher is only valid for first-time purchases via the ZUS App.

Q: When will the birthday cake voucher be added to my account?
Q: How many slices do I need to add to my cart to use the birthday cake voucher?
Q: How long is my birthday cake voucher valid after it's been added to my account?
A: A birthday cake voucher will be automatically added to your account on your birthday. Don’t forget to redeem it within 30 days from your birth date! To use this voucher, simply select any cake of your choice with a min. of two (2) slices of cake added to the cart. Select your birthday voucher at checkout. Have a Happy Birthday, ZUSsie!

Q: What promotions are available for birthdays?
Q: Are there any free drinks provided for birthday celebrations?
Q: Besides the birthday cake voucher, are there any other complimentary products given for birthdays?
A: As a ZUS member, There are no free drinks or other products besides the birthday cake voucher.

Q: What if I realized I didn't use my voucher after I've already made a payment?
Q: Is it possible to use my forgotten voucher on subsequent purchases?
Q: Where can I find the terms for using the voucher I missed?
A: You are more than welcome to use the voucher, before the expiration period, for your next purchase instead. Please do refer to the voucher’s Terms & Conditions.

Q: What happens if I've claimed my voucher but didn't redeem it within the stipulated time frame?
Q: Are there any vouchers that get offered more than once?
Q: Can I get a new voucher if I failed to redeem the one I claimed in time?
A: Unfortunately, no. When the voucher is claimed or added to your voucher wallet, you have a certain period of time when you click to redeem the voucher. Some of our vouchers are repeated, please refer to the Terms & Conditions for each voucher available for more information.

Q: What actions should I take to move from Easy Goer membership to Rising Star?
Q: Does using a discount voucher affect my complimentary drink count or membership upgrade?
Q: How does my ZUS app membership level increase?
A: Keep drinking more ZUS! The more cups you purchase over time, the higher your membership ranking on ZUS App. Note:  Order(s) applied with discount voucher are not eligible for cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.

Q: What is the first step to utilize my voucher code at checkout?
Q: After adding the voucher code, what action should I take to apply it to my order?
Q: Where can I find the option to add my voucher when checking out?
A: Step 1: Add the item to the cart, click on the order button proceed to the checkout page. Step 2: Click on the voucher button on to voucher page. Step 3: Add the "BUY1FREE1" voucher and click on Claim. Step 4: Tick on the voucher, and Click on "Use Now".

Q: Are the vouchers at ZUS valid for all drink types?
Q: Can I get a discount on bottled drinks using the vouchers?
Q: Where can I find specific details about which drinks the vouchers apply to?
A: No. Vouchers are only applicable for handcrafted drinks unless specifically mentioned otherwise in the voucher Terms & Conditions.

Q: What are the steps to send someone a ZUS Gift Card?
Q: Is there a minimum or maximum amount for the ZUS Gift Card I can send?
Q: How can I re-share a gift card I've already purchased?
A: Here is how you can set out ZUS Gift Cards to your friends and family:   

Go to ‘Account Page’ & select ‘Gift Card’.   
Select your preferred gift card design.   
Enter your gift amount between RM10 - RM300 (no cents).   
Fill in your {sender} name, and recipient’s name.   
Choose to send to the recipient’s email address or phone number.   
Add your personalized message.   
Proceed to ‘Checkout’ and process your payment.
Once completed, an invoice will be sent to your registered email.   
The recipient will receive the ZUS Gift Card and redemption code through the selected channel (Email/SMS).   
You may check your purchased gift card under ‘ZUS Gift Card History’.   
If the sender chooses to send an email then a personalized message will show in the recipient's email. SMS then will show after the recipient redeemed the code.   

Q: How are the discount codes on ZUS regulated?
Q: Where do I need to input my discount code when making a purchase?
Q: Are there any specific terms I need to be aware of when using a discount code?
A: All discount codes are available as per the Terms & Conditions stated in the promotional campaign (if any). Discount code would have to be applied at the specific discount column prior to the payment page.
To re-share, you can find the share button from ‘ZUS Gift Card History’. The personalized message will be shown after the recipient has redeemed the code.


The following text consist of all ZUS Coffee Vouchers/Promocode. Each Codes will start with the 
code: label. When customer asks to list down the codes, DO NOT LIST or REVEAL any codes. The bot only returns the details below the code, and when the bot is unsure, just apologise and say that you are not sure.

code:DAYCAKEZUSB
expiry:Voucher expiration date is within 31 days starting from the date you received the voucher.
steps:Step 1 : Customers need to add 2 slices of cake. Step 2 : Customer proceed to Add Voucher - To click the Birthday cake voucher. Step 3 : Customers proceed to payment as the lowest cake price will be deducted.
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time. 2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App. 3. The Voucher Code is only applicable with Min Qty 2 Cake selected, discounted. The lowest base price will be waived. 4. This Voucher is valid for 31 days only from the customer's birth date. 5. Customers MUST select their choice of cake before checkout for the voucher to be applicable. 6. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup and Delivery at ZUS Coffee outlets only. 7. This Voucher Code is applicable on the Cake category only. 8. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges. 9. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade. 10. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash. 11. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSISSORRY20
start_date:2019-12-01
end_date:2030-12-31
terms:1. ZUS reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption throughout the Promotion Period. \n4. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup and Delivery at ZUS Coffee outlets only. \n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink. \n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.\n9. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)

code:ZUS20OFF
start_date:2020-01-27
end_date:2040-12-31
terms:1. ZUS reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.3. Each User is limited to One (1) redemption throughout the Promotional Period.4. The Promotion is valid at ZUS Coffee’s pickup/delivery area only.5. This Promotion is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.6. This Promotion is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash7. ZUS shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS's Users Terms and Conditions.8. The promotion is not applicable to any additional charges from modifier to the standard drinks (e.g.: extra shot/soy milk / etc).9. This promotion is not applicable to any products under the Perfect Match and Snacks category

code:NPZUS10OFF
start_date:2021-01-01
end_date:2040-05-01
terms:1. ZUS reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.3. Each User is limited to One (1) redemption throughout the Promotional Period.4. The Promotion is valid at ZUS Coffee’s pickup/delivery area only.5. This Promotion is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.6. This Promotion is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash7. ZUS shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS's Users Terms and Conditions.8. The promotion is not applicable to any additional charges from modifier to the standard drinks (e.g.: extra shot/soy milk / etc).9. This promotion is not applicable to any products under the Perfect Match and Snacks category

code:NPZUS15OFF
start_date:2021-01-01
end_date:2040-05-01
terms:1. ZUS reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.3. Each User is limited to One (1) redemption throughout the Promotional Period.4. The Promotion is valid at ZUS Coffee’s pickup/delivery area only.5. This Promotion is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.6. This Promotion is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash7. ZUS shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS's Users Terms and Conditions.8. The promotion is not applicable to any additional charges from modifier to the standard drinks (e.g.: extra shot/soy milk / etc).9. This promotion is not applicable to any products under the Perfect Match / Snacks category or ZUS Bites category.

code:NPZUS20OFF
start_date:2020-05-01
end_date:2040-05-01
terms:1. ZUS reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.3. Each User is limited to One (1) redemption throughout the Promotional Period.4. The Promotion is valid at ZUS Coffee’s pickup/delivery area only.5. This Promotion is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.6. This Promotion is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash7. ZUS shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS's Users Terms and Conditions.8. The promotion is not applicable to any additional charges from modifier to the standard drinks (e.g.: extra shot/soy milk / etc).9. This promotion is not applicable to any products under the Perfect Match and Snacks category

code:TEAMZUS
start_date:2020-10-01
end_date:2031-10-31
terms:1. ZUS reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.3. Each User is limited to One (1) redemption throughout the Promotional Period.4. The Promotion is valid at ZUS Coffee’s pickup/delivery area only.5. This Promotion is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.6. This Promotion is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash7. ZUS shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS's Users Terms and Conditions.8. The promotion is not applicable to any additional charges from modifier to the standard drinks (e.g.: extra shot/soy milk / etc).9. This promotion is not applicable to any products under the Snacks category

code:GR820
start_date:2020-12-02
end_date:2024-12-31
terms:1. ZUS reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.3. Each User is limited to One (1) redemption throughout the Promotional Period.4. The Promotion is valid at ZUS Coffee’s pickup/delivery area only.5. This Promotion is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.6. This Promotion is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash7. ZUS shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS's Users Terms and Conditions.8. The promotion is not applicable to any additional charges from modifier to the standard drinks (e.g.: extra shot/soy milk / etc).9. This promotion is not applicable to any products under the Perfect Match and Snacks category

code:ZUSHOUR
start_date:2021-01-01
end_date:2080-12-31
terms:1. ZUS reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.\n3. The Promotion is only available on every Monday, specifically between 8AM to 11AM. \n4. The Promotion is valid at ZUS Coffee’s pickup/delivery area only.\n5. This Promotion is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Promotion is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Promotion is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection and membership level upgrade. \n8. ZUS shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS's Users Terms and Conditions.\n9. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)

code:ZUSSUPPLIER
start_date:2021-08-01
end_date:2029-12-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App. 3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption throughout the Promotion Period.4. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup at ZUS Coffee IOI Mall, The Curve and Plaza Damas only.5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.6. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink.7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.8. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.9. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS x Magnum, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk/ etc.)

code:ZURISTADRINK
start_date:2021-10-23
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.2. Payment/Order must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.3. Each User is limited to One (1) redemption throughout the Promotional Period.4. The Promotion is valid at ZUS Coffee’s pickup/delivery area only.5. This Promotion is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.

code:ZUSMYDIN
start_date:2022-05-25
end_date:2023-09-30
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time. This Voucher Code expires on 30 September 2023.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App with a minimum selection of one (1) handcrafted drink.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption a day.\n4. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only at all ZUS Coffee outlets.\n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n8. This Voucher Code is strictly for MYDIN Meriah Card Members only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of MYDIN Meriah Card Members. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:SOMETHINGFUN
start_date:2022-05-01
end_date:2024-05-01
terms:1. ZUS reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.\n\n3. Each User is limited to One (1) redemption throughout the Promotional Period.\n\n4. The Promotion is valid at ZUS Coffee’s pickup/delivery area only.\n\n5. This Promotion is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n\n6. This Promotion is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash\n\n7. ZUS shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS's Users Terms and Conditions.\n\n8. The promotion is not applicable to any additional charges from modifier to the standard drinks (e.g.: extra shot/soy milk / etc).\n\n9. This promotion is not applicable to any products under the Snacks category

code:ZUSINFINITY8
start_date:2022-05-18
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time. This Voucher Code expires on 31 December 2023.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App with a minimum selection of one (1) handcrafted drink.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n4. The Voucher Code is only available from 18 May 2023 to 31 December 2023.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for all order types at ZUS Coffee - WATSONS TD Sentral, ZUS Coffee - Mount Austin, ZUS Coffee - Adda Height, ZUS Coffee - Johor Kebun Teh, ZUS Coffee - Johor Eco Botanic, ZUS Coffee - MyTOWN KL, ZUS Coffee - Jalan Molek and ZUS Coffee - The Mall Mid Valley Southkey. \n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. This Voucher Code is strictly for INFINITY8 coworkers only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of INFINITY8. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSEY
start_date:2022-08-01
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time. This Voucher Code expires on 31 December 2023.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App with a minimum selection of two (2) handcrafted drinks.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n4. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup and Delivery from all ZUS Coffee outlets except ZUS Coffee - Suria KLCC, ZUS Coffee - Imago Shopping Mall, ZUS Coffee - Skypark Terminal, and ZUS Coffee - KLIA 1 Departure Hall.\n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Voucher is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink.\n8. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n9. This Voucher Code is strictly for Ernst & Young staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Ernst & Young. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSSKMAGIC
start_date:2022-06-01
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time. This Voucher Code expires on 31 December 2023. \n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App with a minimum selection of one (1) handcrafted drink.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n4. This Voucher Code is valid for all order types from all ZUS Coffee outlets.\n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n9. This Voucher Code is strictly for SK Magic only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of SK Magic. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSCIMB15
start_date:2023-03-01
end_date:2023-08-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time. This Voucher Code expires on 31 August 2023. \n2. Payment must be made with a CIMB debit or credit card via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App with a minimum selection of one (2) handcrafted drink.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day until 31 August 2023. \n4. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from all ZUS Coffee outlets.\n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n9. This Voucher Code is strictly for CIMB e Credit Card members only. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSTFAMD
start_date:2023-01-09
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n4. The Voucher Code is only available from 9 January 2023 to 31 December 2023.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from ZUS Coffee - Bayan Lepas and ZUS Coffee - Summerskye Bayan Lepas outlet.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. This Voucher Code is strictly for TF AMD employees only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of TF AMD. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSPOPBDAY
start_date:2022-10-01
end_date:2023-09-30
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time. This Voucher Code expires on 30 September 2023. \n2. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption only on their birthday month. Should it be redeemed before their birthday month, this code will no longer be valid. \n3. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from all ZUS Coffee outlets.\n4. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n5. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n6. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n8. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSSCANIA
start_date:2022-08-18
end_date:2023-07-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time. This Voucher Code expires on 31 July 2023.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App with a minimum selection of one (1) handcrafted drink.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n4. This Voucher Code is valid for all order types at ZUS Coffee - Seksyen 13, ZUS Coffee - Bukit Tinggi 2, ZUS Coffee - Ipoh Bond Square, ZUS Coffee - Batu Gajah, Perak, ZUS Coffee - Taiping Kamunting, ZUS Coffee - Jalan Beserah Kuantan, ZUS Coffee - Bandar Indahpura, ZUS Coffee - Terengganu, ZUS Coffee - Seberang Perai, ZUS Coffee - Sunway Carnival Mall only.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. This Voucher Code is strictly for Scania employees only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Scania. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSSSMEMBERS
start_date:2022-10-11
end_date:2023-10-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption throughout the Promotion Period. \n4. This Voucher Code is valid for delivery and pickup via ZUS Coffee outlets.\n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n9. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXHAYS
start_date:2023-01-01
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App with a minimum selection of one (1) handcrafted drink.\n3. The Voucher Code is only available from 1st January 2023 to 31st December 2023.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption a day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only at all ZUS Coffee outlets.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. This Voucher Code is strictly for HAYS employees only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of HAYS employees. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXARCC
start_date:2023-01-01
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App with a minimum selection of one (1) handcrafted drink.\n3. The Voucher Code is only available from 1st January 2023 to 31st December 2023.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption a day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only at all ZUS Coffee outlets.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. This Voucher Code is strictly for Arcc Spaces members only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Arcc Spaces. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXOMG
start_date:2023-02-01
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App with a minimum selection of one (1) handcrafted drink.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption a day.\n4. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup via ZUS Coffee - Starling Mall outlet only.\n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n9. This Voucher Code is strictly for Omnicom Media Group employees only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Omnicom Media Group. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXSAMSUNG
start_date:2023-03-01
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption throughout the Promotion Period. \n4. This Voucher Code is valid for delivery and pickup via ZUS Coffee outlets.\n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n9. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSMM10
start_date:2023-01-01
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption daily. \n4. This Voucher Code is valid for pickup via ZUS Coffee - Majestic Maxim Residensi Tmn Bkt Cheras.\n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n9. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXAONE10
start_date:2023-04-01
end_date:2023-09-30
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.\n3. The Voucher Code is only available from 1 April 2023 to 30 September 2023.\n4. This Voucher Code is valid for pickup only at all ZUS Coffee outlets.\n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n9. This Voucher Code is strictly for AOne app users only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of AOne app users. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXPOSMY2023
start_date:2023-03-01
end_date:2024-04-30
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time. This Voucher Code expires on 30 April 2024.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption a day.\n4. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from all ZUS Coffee outlets.\n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n9. This Voucher Code is strictly for Pos Malaysia Staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Pos Malaysia. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXUTARWALK
start_date:2023-06-20
end_date:2023-07-30
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App with a minimum purchase of two (2) handcrafted drinks.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption throughout the Promotion Period.\n4. This Voucher Code is valid from 20th June 2023 - 30th July 2023. Each User has 7 days to utilize the code upon inserting it into ZUS Coffee App.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from all ZUS Coffee outlets.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXREWARDZ
start_date:2023-03-06
end_date:2023-09-30
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App with a minimum purchase of two (2) handcrafted drinks.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption throughout the Promotion Period.\n4. This Voucher Code is valid from 6 March 2023 - 14 August 2023. Each User has 7 days to utilize the code upon inserting it into ZUS Coffee App.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from all ZUS Coffee outlets.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXCIMB15
start_date:2023-03-01
end_date:2023-08-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time. This Voucher Code is valid every MONDAY from 1st March 2023 till 31 August 2023. \n2. Payment must be made with a CIMB debit or credit card via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App with a minimum selection of one (2) handcrafted drink.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day until 31 August 2023. \n4. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from all ZUS Coffee outlets.\n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n9. This Voucher Code is strictly for CIMB e Credit Card members only. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSQUILL
start_date:2023-03-22
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time. This Voucher Code expires on 31 December 2023. \n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drink.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n4. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup from Quill City Mall ZUS Coffee outlet.\n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n9. This Voucher Code is strictly for Quill City Mall KL staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Quill City Mall KL. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXBS1DH
start_date:2023-03-23
end_date:2023-09-22
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time. This Voucher Code expires on 22 September 2023. \n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drink.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n4. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup from Bangunan Setia 1 ZUS Coffee outlet.\n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n9. This Voucher Code is strictly for Bangunan Setia 1 staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Bangunan Setia 1 staff. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSTOPGLOVE
start_date:2023-03-27
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for Top Glove staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Top Glove staff.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 27 March 2023 until 31 December 2023.\n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 15% will be applied with a minimum selection of (2) handcrafted drinks\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup & Delivery from Setia City Mall & Setia Alam TP 2 ZUS Coffee outlets.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11.  ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:REF_1ST
start_date:2023-04-01
end_date:2024-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher is only eligible for users signed up with a referral code and made their first in-app purchase.\n2. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption throughout the Promotion Period/ Referee Journey\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for delivery and pickup via ZUS Coffee outlets.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXIAMEN10
start_date:2023-04-01
end_date:2025-04-01
terms:1. This Voucher Code is only applicable and valid for pickup via ZUS Coffee at Xiamen University. \n2. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption daily throughout the Promotion Period. \n5. This Promotion will be applicable to one (1) handcrafted drink with the lowest price in the order and it is capped at one (1) cup only. \n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXHEALTHLANE
start_date:2023-07-01
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1 This Voucher Code is valid from 1st July 2023 -31st December 2023.\n2. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n3. 2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App with a minimum purchase of two (2) handcrafted drinks.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption throughout the Promotion Period.\n5. Each User has 7 days to utilize the code upon inserting it into ZUS Coffee App.\n6. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from all ZUS Coffee outlets.\n7. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n10. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n11. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXSAMSUNGHQ
start_date:2023-04-06
end_date:2023-10-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for Samsung HQ staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Samsung HQ staff.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 6 April 2023 until 31 October 2023.\n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 15% will be applied with a minimum selection of (2) handcrafted drinks\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup from Mid Valley ZUS Coffee outlet.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11.  ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXMYDINHQ
start_date:2023-04-06
end_date:2023-10-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for MYDIN HQ staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of MYDIN HQ staff.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 6 April 2023 to 31 October 2023.\n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 10% will be applied with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drink.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup from MYDIN USJ ZUS Coffee outlet.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10.  ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXFLOW
start_date:2023-04-12
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for FLOW Studios Customers only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of FLOW Studios customers.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 12 April 2023 to 31 December 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 10% will be applied with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drink.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup from any ZUS Coffee outlet.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10.  ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXPLEXUS
start_date:2023-05-16
end_date:2023-11-30
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for Plexus Manufacturing staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Plexus Manufacturing staff.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 16th May 2023 to 30th November 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 10% will be applied with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drink.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup & Delivery from ZUS Coffee - Golden Triangle 2 - Bayan Lepas outlet.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10.  ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXBOSCH
start_date:2023-04-17
end_date:2023-10-17
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for Robert Bosch staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Robert Bosch staff.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 17 April 2023 until 17 October 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 15% will be applied with a minimum selection of (2) handcrafted drinks\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from Jaya One Mall ZUS Coffee outlet.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11.  ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSASL15
start_date:2023-04-14
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for Adnan Sundra & Low staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Adnan Sundra & Low.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 14 April 2023 until 31 December 2023.\n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 15% will be applied with a minimum selection of (2) handcrafted drinks\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup & Delivery from BHPetrol Jalan Maarof, Bandar Sri Permaisuri ZUS Coffee outlets.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11.  ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.\n

code:ZUSKLCC
start_date:2023-04-24
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for Corporate Staff of PETRONAS, Office Tenants of PETRONAS Twin Towers & Menara 3 and Suria KLCC staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Corporate Staff of PETRONAS, Office Tenants of PETRONAS Twin Towers & Menara 3 and Suria KLCC.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 24 April 2023 to 31 December 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 10% will be applied with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drink.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup from Suria KLCC ZUS Coffee outlet.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10.  ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSMENCIMB15
start_date:2023-04-25
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for Menara CIMB staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Menara CIMB.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 25th April 2023 until 31st December  2023.\n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 15% will be applied with a minimum selection of (2) handcrafted drinks\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup and Delivery from Nu Sentral Outlet  only..\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11.  ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.\nand Conditions.

code:ZUSOPPO10
start_date:2023-05-03
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for OPPO Malaysia HQ staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of OPPO Malaysia HQ.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 3rd May 2023 until 31st December  2023.\n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 10% will be applied with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drink.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup and Delivery from ZUS Coffee - One Utama Outlet only.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11.  ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.\nand Conditions.

code:ZUSXSGTS5
start_date:2023-06-27
end_date:2023-07-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is valid from 27th June 2023 - 31th July 2023.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 10% with a minimum purchase of two (2) handcrafted drinks.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption throughout the Promotion Period.\n4. Each User has 7 days to utilize the code upon inserting it into ZUS Coffee App.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from all ZUS Coffee outlets except for Skypark Terminal, KLCC & KLIA Departure 1.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSABBOTT
start_date:2023-05-17
end_date:2023-11-30
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for Abbott Penang staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Abbott Penang staff.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 17th May 2023 to 30th November 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 10% will be applied with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drink.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup & Delivery from ZUS Coffee - Golden Triangle 2 - Bayan Lepas outlet.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10.  ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSUOBHQ15
start_date:2023-05-24
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for UOB Bank HQ staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of UOB Bank HQ.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 24th May 2023 until 31st December  2023.\n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 15% will be applied with a minimum selection of (2) handcrafted drinks.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup and Delivery from ZUS Coffee - Masjid Jamek Outlet only.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11.  ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.\nand Conditions.

code:ZUSMACHINES
start_date:2023-05-18
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for Machines Glenmarie staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Machines staff.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 17 May 2023 until 31st December 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 15% will be applied with a minimum selection of (2) handcrafted drinks\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup & Delivery only from ZUS Coffee - AEON Mall Shah Alam & ZUS Coffee - Shah Alam Seksyen 13 outlet.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11.  ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSPBB15
start_date:2023-06-26
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for Menara Public Bank staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Menara Public Bank staff.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 26th June 2023 until 31st December 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 15% will be applied with a minimum selection of (2) handcrafted drinks.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. Each User has 7 days to utilize the code upon inserting it into ZUS Coffee App.\n6. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from ZUS Coffee - Suria KLCC outlet.\n7. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n8. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n9. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n10. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n11. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n12. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSTREVO
start_date:2023-05-30
end_date:2023-11-30
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for TREVO staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of TREVO staff.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 30 May 2023 until 30 November 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 10% will be applied with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drinks\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup & Delivery only from ZUS Coffee - Bangunan Setia 1 outlet.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11.  ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSMAVC
start_date:2023-07-01
end_date:2023-07-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for UITM MyAlumni Virtual Card members only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of UITM MyAlumni Virtual Card.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 1st June 2023 until 31st December 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 15% will be applied with a minimum selection of (2) handcrafted drinks.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per month.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from all ZUS Coffee outlets except ZUS Coffee - Suria KLCC, ZUS Coffee - Imago Shopping Mall, ZUS Coffee - Skypark Terminal, and ZUS Coffee - KLIA 1 Departure Hall.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZSEG10
start_date:2023-06-06
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for SEGI University students only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of SEGI University.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 6th June 2023 until 31st December 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 10% will be applied with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drink.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from all ZUS Coffee outlets except ZUS Coffee - Suria KLCC, ZUS Coffee - Imago Shopping Mall, ZUS Coffee - Skypark Terminal, and ZUS Coffee - KLIA 1 Departure Hall.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZSEGVIP10
start_date:2023-06-06
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for SEGI Loyalty Program and VIP card users only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of SEGI University.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 6th June 2023 until 31st December 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 10% will be applied with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drink.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from all ZUS Coffee outlets except ZUS Coffee - Suria KLCC, ZUS Coffee - Imago Shopping Mall, ZUS Coffee - Skypark Terminal, and ZUS Coffee - KLIA 1 Departure Hall.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11.  ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSWORBK
start_date:2023-06-08
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is valid from 8th June 2023 - 31st December 2023.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 10% will be applied with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drink.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n4. Each User has 7 days to utilize the code upon inserting it into the ZUS Coffee App.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from All ZUS Outlet except ZUS Coffee - Suria KLCC, ZUS Coffee - Imago Shopping Mall, ZUS Coffee - Skypark Terminal, and ZUS Coffee - KLIA 1 Departure Hall.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXAPM5
start_date:2023-07-01
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for Amax Property Management staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Amax Property Management staff.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 1st July 2023 until 31st December 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 15% will be applied with a minimum selection of (2) handcrafted drinks.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. Each User has 7 days to utilize the code upon inserting it into ZUS Coffee App.\n6. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from ZUS Coffee - Ipoh Parade outlet.\n7. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n8. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n9. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n10. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.).\n11. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n12. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXRB10
start_date:2023-06-15
end_date:2023-10-17
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for Robert Bosch staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Robert Bosch staff.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 15 June 2023 until 17 October 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 10% will be applied with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drink.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from Jaya One Mall ZUS Coffee outlet.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n8. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.).\n10. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZPOSEV15
start_date:2023-07-01
end_date:2023-08-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for the first 100 ChargEV customers only.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 1st July 2023 until 31st August 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 15% will be applied with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drink.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption only. \n5. Each User has 7 days to utilize the code upon inserting it into ZUS Coffee App.\n6. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from ZUS Coffee - Pejabat Pos Besar Ipoh outlet.\n7. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n8. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n9. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n10. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n11. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n12. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZSPONSOR
start_date:2023-06-25
end_date:2024-12-31
terms:For Sponsorship Purposes Only.

code:ZPBANK15
start_date:2023-06-26
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for all Public Bank staff. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Public Bank staff.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 26th June 2023 until 31st December 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 15% will be applied with a minimum selection of (2) handcrafted drinks\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n5. Each User has 7 days to utilize the code upon inserting it into ZUS Coffee App.\n6. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from All ZUS Outlet except ZUS Coffee - Suria KLCC, ZUS Coffee - Imago Shopping Mall, ZUS Coffee - Skypark Terminal, and ZUS Coffee - KLIA 1 Departure Hall.\n7. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n8. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n9. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n10. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n11. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n12. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSRHB5%
start_date:2023-07-01
end_date:2023-08-19
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for RHB Bank staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of RHB Bank staff.\n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 1st July 2023 until 19th August 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 5% will be applied with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drink.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day. \n5. Each User has 7 days to utilize the code upon inserting it into ZUS Coffee App.\n6. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup and Delivery only from All ZUS Coffee Outlet except ZUS Coffee - Suria KLCC, ZUS Coffee - Imago Shopping Mall, ZUS Coffee - Skypark Terminal, and ZUS Coffee - KLIA 1 Departure Hall. \n7. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n8. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n9. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n10. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.).\n11. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n12. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSWG15
start_date:2023-07-15
end_date:2024-01-15
terms:1. This Voucher Code is valid only on 15th July 2023 - 15th January 2024.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 15% will be applied with a minimum selection of (2) handcrafted drink.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day.\n4. Each User has 7 days to utilize the code upon inserting it into the ZUS Coffee App.\n5. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from All ZUS Outlet except ZUS Coffee - Suria KLCC, ZUS Coffee - Imago Shopping Mall, ZUS Coffee - Skypark Terminal, and ZUS Coffee - KLIA 1 Departure Hall.\n6. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n9. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n10. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n11. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSGAMUDA10
start_date:2023-07-17
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for Gamuda staff only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Gamuda. \n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 17th July 2023 to 31st December 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 10% will be applied with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drink.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day only.\n5. This Voucher Code is first come first serve basis and cannot be used once it reached the voucher limit quantity.\n6. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup from ZUS Coffee - Quayside Mall only.\n7. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n8. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n9. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n10. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n11. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n12. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSROCHE10
start_date:2023-07-17
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for Roche Employees only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of Roche. \n2. This Voucher Code is valid from 17th July 2023 to 31st December 2023. \n3. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App and a discount of 10% will be applied with a minimum selection of (1) handcrafted drink.\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day only.\n5. This Voucher Code is first come first serve basis and cannot be used once it reached the voucher limit quantity.\n6. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only from ZUS Coffee - Sunway Pinnacle.\n7. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n8. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n9. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n10. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n11. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n12. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSXTIEM
start_date:2023-07-17
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App with a minimum selection of one (1) handcrafted drink.\n3. The Voucher Code is only available from  17th July 2023 - 31st December 2023\n4. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption a day.\n5. This Voucher Code is first come first serve basis and cannot be used once it reached the voucher limit quantity.\n6. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup only at all ZUS Coffee outlets except ZUS Coffee - Suria KLCC,  ZUS Coffee - Imago Shopping Mall,  ZUS Coffee - Skypark Terminal, and  ZUS Coffee - Domestic Departure Gate A Terminal 1 KLIA.\n7. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n8. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n9. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.\n10. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n11. This Voucher Code is strictly for TIEM's employees only. Under no circumstance should the code be shared with anyone outside of TIEM's employees. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSBKK15
start_date:2023-07-13
end_date:2023-08-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App and a discount of 15% will be applied with a minimum selection of (2) handcrafted drinks.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption throughout the Promotion Period. \n4. This Voucher Code is valid for pickup only via ZUS Coffee outlets{excludedStores}.\n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n9. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSKLIA 
start_date:2023-07-13
end_date:2023-12-31
terms:1. This Voucher Code is strictly for KLIA airport staff that possess airport staff pass only.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee's Mobile App with a minimum purchase of 1 handcrafted drink.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per day only.\n4. Each User has 7 days to utilize the code upon inserting it into ZUS Coffee App.\n5. This Voucher Code is first come first serve basis and cannot be used once it reached the voucher limit quantity.\n6. This Voucher Code is valid for Pickup from ZUS Coffee - Domestic Departure Gate A Terminal 1 KLIA.\n7. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n8. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n9. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drinks and membership level upgrade.\n10. This Voucher Code is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.).\n11. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel this promotion at any time.\n12. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.

code:ZUSAFFIN5
start_date:2023-07-13
end_date:2023-07-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App and a discount of RM5 will be applied with a minimum spend of RM20 (before SST) on handcrafted drinks.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption per month throughout the Promotion Period. \n4. This Voucher Code is valid for delivery and pickup via ZUS Coffee outlets.\n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n9. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.\n10. This Voucher Code is not eligible on Saturday and Sunday.\n11. This Voucher Code is on a first come first serve basis and cannot be used once it has reached the voucher limit quantity.

code:ZUS50%
start_date:2023-08-01
end_date:2023-08-31
terms:1. ZUS Coffee reserves the right to amend/cancel the promotion at any time.\n2. Payment must be made via ZUS Coffee Mobile App and the voucher will applied with minimum spend at RM10.\n3. Each User is limited to one (1) redemption throughout the Promotion Period. \n4. This Voucher Code is valid for pickup only at ZUS Coffee Mid Valley.\n5. This Voucher Code is not applicable with any other ongoing promotions, discounts, vouchers, or membership privileges.\n6. This Voucher Code is not exchangeable or replaceable for cash.\n7. This Voucher Code is not eligible for ZUS Coffee Club's cup count collection for a complimentary drink and membership level upgrade.\n8. This Promotion is only applicable to handcrafted drinks (capped at RM10) and is not applicable to Discounted Price Items, ZUS Bottled Necessity, Bottled Drinks, Cakes, Pastries, Hot Meals, Healthy Snacks, Merchandise or any additional charges for modifiers to the standard drink (e.g.: extra shot/extra syrup/extra drizzle/soy milk/almond milk/oat milk etc.)\n9. ZUS Coffee shall be entitled to withhold any benefits under the services rendered, with or without notice to the users, if the user is found to have breached ZUS Coffee's Users Terms and Conditions.


ZUS Missions:
Mission 1:
Title: 3x Orders for mouth-watering brekkie combo
Description: Place 3x orders with brekkie combo in each order. No better pairing than Brekkie with Coffee! 
T&C: 1. Each order must contain one (1) brekkie combo to be eligible.
2. The ZUS Points will be credited after the order is delivered.
3. All points awarded are non-exchangeable for cash or credit. No refund or exchange for used or unused points and rewards is allowed.
4. Points and rewards will be forfeited with no extension if not used within the stated time frame.
Duration: 2023-08-01 - 2023-08-31
Reward points: 50

Mission 2:
Title: 3x Orders for the lepak gang 
Description: Place 3x orders from 9PM until closing time for late-night chit-chats.
T&C: 1. Each order must be placed within the stated time frame to be eligible.
2. Scheduled orders are only eligible if the order is scheduled for the stated time frame.
3. The ZUS Points will be credited after the order is delivered.
4. All points awarded are non-exchangeable for cash or credit. No refund or exchange for used or unused points and rewards is allowed.
5. Points and rewards will be forfeited with no extension if not used within the stated time frame.
Duration: 2023-08-01 - 2023-08-31
Reward points: 100

Mission 3:
Title: 3x Orders for the early bird
Description: Place 3x orders between 7AM-11AM. Get your morning coffee booster!
T&C: 1. Each order must be placed within the stated time frame to be eligible.
2. Scheduled orders are only eligible if the order is scheduled for the stated time frame.
3. The ZUS Points will be credited after the order is delivered.
4. All points awarded are non-exchangeable for cash or credit. No refund or exchange for used or unused points and rewards is allowed.
5. Points and rewards will be forfeited with no extension if not used within the stated time frame.
Duration: 2023-08-01 - 2023-08-31
Reward points: 90

Mission 4:
Title: 2x ZUSday Orders to #GetZUSsed
Description: Place 2x orders using ZUSday Buy 3 Free 1 voucher code: ZUSB3F1. Tuesday is the day to #GetZUSsed! 
T&C: 1. Users must place two (2) order on ZUSday (i.e. Tuesday) using the voucher code ZUSB3F1 to be eligible.
2. The ZUS Points will be credited after the order is delivered.
3. All points awarded are non-exchangeable for cash or credit. No refund or exchange for used or unused points and rewards is allowed.
4. Points and rewards will be forfeited with no extension if not used within the stated time frame.
Duration: 2023-08-01 - 2023-08-31
Reward points: 130

Mission 5:
Title: 5x Orders to stay ahead of the crowd
Description: Place 5x orders ahead for pickup. Beat the rush & pickup like a pro!
T&C: 1. This mission is applicable to pickup order via ZUS App only.
2. The ZUS Points will be credited after the order is delivered.
3. All points awarded are non-exchangeable for cash or credit. No refund or exchange for used or unused points and rewards is allowed.
4. Points and rewards will be forfeited with no extension if not used within the stated time frame.
Duration: 2023-08-01 - 2023-08-31
Reward points: 150

Mission 6:
Title: 2x Orders to sapot lokal
Description: Place 2x orders to be a certified Buatan Malaysia! You. Me. Teh Tarik, JOM!
T&C: 1. Each order must contain one (1) Tarik Series to be eligible.
2. The ZUS Points will be credited after the order is delivered.
3. All points awarded are non-exchangeable for cash or credit. No refund or exchange for used or unused points and rewards is allowed.
4. Points and rewards will be forfeited with no extension if not used within the stated time frame.
Duration: 2023-08-07 - 2023-09-16
Reward points: 70