The following items are what ZUS Coffee has to offer. All drinks generally comes in one size, refer to serving sizes by drinks in corpus. All different add-ons are subjected to different add-on price. If customer asks regarding whether they are lactose intolerant, offer them products that does not contain milk or can change to soy/almond/oat milk only. When asked for certain options given a specific requirement, only provide the products within the given list. Do not merge products to give an answer, if required, list it with proper context if possible. Do not hallucinate and mention items like Herbal tea, fruit juice, sparkling water and other drinks that are not in the list. You must only use the names of products within the provided list. If there are no information about a query, just apologize for not having the information. Never ever hallucinate and only answer based on what is in the corpus.

ZUS Gula Melaka, priced at RM10.50 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: An iced latté that's made sweeter with our specialty Gula Melaka syrup that's locally sourced for that authentic Buatan Malaysia taste. Our ZUS Gula Melaka Memang Best! Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: This is the cup that took 1 000 tries to perfect. Psst. Stir it first for best results! . The nutritional details for ZUS Gula Melaka are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 355.0 calories. It has 47.3 grams of carbohydrates of which 47.3 grams are sugars. The product offers 7.1 grams of protein. It contains 15.1 grams of fat. The sodium content is 383.0 mg. The ingredients for ZUS Gula Melaka are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Sugar, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Thunder, priced at RM9.90 under the Iced Coffee, Coffee Mocktail category. Description: ZUS was looking for a drink that would strike the mouths of all who drank it. He combined Honey Lemon with Espresso and Tonic Water then took a sip. It jolted in his mouth and thus the THUNDER was born. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: ZUS recommends Stir it before you drink it! . The nutritional details for Thunder are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 156.0 calories. It has 37.4 grams of carbohydrates of which 35.9 grams are sugars. The product offers 1.4 grams of protein. It contains 0.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 151.0 mg. The ingredients for Thunder are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Japanese Genmaicha Latté, priced at RM10.90 under the Tea category. Description: A harmonic milky blend of Roasted Brown Rice and 100% Japanese Specialty Matcha. Extra Info: Our team embarked to Japan and was mindblown by the types of matcha that were available there. From the Land of the Rising Sun we brought a flavour that was both exquisite and unique to all the other matchas we have tasted. . The nutritional details for Iced Japanese Genmaicha Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 307.0 calories. It has 56.8 grams of carbohydrates of which 22.2 grams are sugars. The product offers 6.6 grams of protein. It contains 6.1 grams of fat. The sodium content is 161.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Japanese Genmaicha Latté are as: Genmai Powder. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Cappuccino, priced at RM9.70 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: Like drinking delicious bubbly coffee – this classic is for those who enjoy it extra foamy. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: With lesser milk & more foam if you like your coffee strong the Cappuccino is the way to go. 270 KCAL. The nutritional details for Hot Cappuccino are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 255.0 calories. It has 24.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 16.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 12.0 grams of protein. It contains 13.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 303.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Cappuccino are as: Milk. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, Classic, Milky, Strong, Less Milky, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Cafe Latté, priced at RM9.70 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: For those who enjoy milk coffee and loves that light creamy flavour that still packs a good buzz. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: Milk is frothed between temperatures of 69-72ºC optimum to a Barista's touch and akin to the temperature that is suitable for our customers to drink immediately upon serving. 350 KCAL. The nutritional details for Hot Cafe Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 251.0 calories. It has 23.7 grams of carbohydrates of which 14.2 grams are sugars. The product offers 11.8 grams of protein. It contains 11.8 grams of fat. The sodium content is 345.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Cafe Latté are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, Classic, Milky, Strong, Less Milky, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Americano, priced at RM6.90 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: A shot of Espresso with a deep-tan crema that's smooth and robust and perfectly preserved for your enjoyment. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: ZUS Blend is a 100% Specialty Grade Arabica hand-crafted blend consisting of Single Origin beans from Brazil Papua New Guinea & Indonesia. Our blend exhibits captivating aroma toasty caramel flavours low acidity creamy mouthfeel with a dark cocoa aftertaste. Elevation: 800 - 2000 masl Process: Natural & Washed. The nutritional details for Hot Americano are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 21.0 calories. It has 3.6 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 1.1 grams of protein. It contains 0.4 grams of fat. The sodium content is 75.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Americano are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, No Topping, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Flat White, priced at RM9.70 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: For those seeking the perfect balance of creamy milk velvety foam and robust espresso. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: Flat White actually originated from Australia. There are two types of Flat White one has lesser milk but similar foam to a latte the other has a lot of milk and less foam. 222 KCAL. The ingredients for Hot Flat White are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, Classic, Milky, Strong, Less Milky, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot French Vanilla Latté, priced at RM10.90 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: For those who like their coffee on the milky side with a pump of vanilla for that delicately elevated fragrance to their daily coffee. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: This traditional Latté infused with French Vanilla is perfect for those who like their coffee with a bit more flavour and sweetness. The nutritional details for Hot French Vanilla Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 293.0 calories. It has 33.1 grams of carbohydrates of which 31.2 grams are sugars. The product offers 12.3 grams of protein. It contains 12.3 grams of fat. The sodium content is 317.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot French Vanilla Latté are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Roasted Hazelnut Latté, priced at RM10.90 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: For those who like their coffee on the milky side and a little nuttiness from hazelnuts giving you that toasty sweet flavour. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: Coffee with a nutty touch gives a sense of sophistication to the drinker – someone who's not too serious and retains a bit of youthfulness. The nutritional details for Hot Roasted Hazelnut Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 312.0 calories. It has 37.8 grams of carbohydrates of which 30.7 grams are sugars. The product offers 10.4 grams of protein. It contains 13.2 grams of fat. The sodium content is 279.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Roasted Hazelnut Latté are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Caramel Macchiato, priced at RM11.70 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: A deconstructed Caramel Latte where the Espresso is not mixed in but instead poured on top of the frothed milk. Pro Tip: Best drink experience with outlet pickup! Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: It's creamy and sweet with a hint of coffee!. The nutritional details for Hot Caramel Macchiato are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 336.0 calories. It has 47.3 grams of carbohydrates of which 47.3 grams are sugars. The product offers 10.4 grams of protein. It contains 11.8 grams of fat. The sodium content is 364.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Caramel Macchiato are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Australian Chocolate, priced at RM12.60 under the Chocolate category. Description: A rich & chocolatey experience made with Australian Cocoa that's beautifully balanced between the dark & light milky flavour. Crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate. Extra Info: Cocoa powder contains a number of chemicals that can make people feel happy and promote positive feelings. The nutritional details for Hot Australian Chocolate are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 337.0 calories. It has 46.2 grams of carbohydrates of which 45.8 grams are sugars. The product offers 11.4 grams of protein. It contains 11.7 grams of fat. The sodium content is 330.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Australian Chocolate are as: Chocolate Powder. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Café Mocha, priced at RM12.80 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: The mixture of chocolate & coffee that created this tall dark and decadent drink has won over the hearts of many. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: For rich dessert lovers. Crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate (40% Cocoa). 323 KCAL. The nutritional details for Hot Café Mocha are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 323.0 calories. It has 53.3 grams of carbohydrates of which 34.1 grams are sugars. The product offers 3.9 grams of protein. It contains 10.3 grams of fat. The sodium content is 252.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Café Mocha are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Babycino, priced at RM7.60 under the Kids-Friendly, Non-Coffee category. Description: A warmly frothed milk infused with Vanilla with a light sprinkle of Chocolate Powder. A drink that is friendly to all ages. Extra Info: A drink that is soothing and delicious to kids but not limited to youthful adults who are kids at heart!. The nutritional details for Hot Babycino are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 397.0 calories. It has 56.8 grams of carbohydrates of which 56.8 grams are sugars. The product offers 12.3 grams of protein. It contains 13.2 grams of fat. The sodium content is 265.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Babycino are as: Vanilla Syrup. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, Regular Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Salted Caramel Latté, priced at RM10.90 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: A salty sweet touch to your daily coffee for days when you just want to mellow out with a cool crafted coffee drink! Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: Not too salty not too sweet not too bitter. A perfectly balanced drink giving you an all-rounded experience. The nutritional details for Hot Salted Caramel Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 246.0 calories. It has 42.6 grams of carbohydrates of which 33.1 grams are sugars. The product offers 5.2 grams of protein. It contains 6.1 grams of fat. The sodium content is 359.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Salted Caramel Latté are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Japanese Genmaicha Latté, priced at RM10.90 under the Tea category. Description: A harmonic milky blend of Roasted Brown Rice and 100% Japanese Specialty Matcha. Extra Info: Our team embarked to Japan and was mindblown by the types of matcha that were available there. From the Land of the Rising Sun we brought a flavour that was both exquisite and unique to all the other matchas we have tasted. . The nutritional details for Hot Japanese Genmaicha Latté are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 302.0 calories. It has 39.1 grams of carbohydrates of which 39.1 grams are sugars. The product offers 9.9 grams of protein. It contains 11.7 grams of fat. The sodium content is 249.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Japanese Genmaicha Latté are as: Genmai Powder. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, No Shot, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Chamomile Tea, priced at RM6.90 under the Tea category. Description: A premium herbal tea with definite body. Chamomile is perfect for winding down during a hectic afternoon at the office or at home at the end of the day. Extra Info: 0 KCAL. The ingredients for Hot Chamomile Tea are as: Chamomile . It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Hot, Warm, No Topping, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Tumbler, Velvet Crème. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Americano, priced at RM6.90 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: A shot of Espresso with a deep-tan crema that's smooth and robust and perfectly preserved for your enjoyment. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: ZUS Blend is a 100% Specialty Grade Arabica hand-crafted blend consisting of Single Origin beans from Brazil Papua New Guinea & Indonesia. Our blend exhibits captivating aroma toasty caramel flavours low acidity creamy mouthfeel with a dark cocoa aftertaste. Elevation: 800 - 2000 masl Process: Natural & Washed. The nutritional details for Iced Americano are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 21.0 calories. It has 3.6 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 1.1 grams of protein. It contains 0.4 grams of fat. The sodium content is 75.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Americano are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Cappuccino, priced at RM9.70 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: Like drinking delicious bubbly coffee – this classic is for those who enjoy it extra foamy. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: With lesser milk & more foam if you like your coffee strong the Cappuccino is the way to go. 147 KCAL. The nutritional details for Iced Cappuccino are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 147.0 calories. It has 18.9 grams of carbohydrates of which 2.4 grams are sugars. The product offers 6.1 grams of protein. It contains 5.2 grams of fat. The sodium content is 151.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Cappuccino are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Cafe Latté, priced at RM9.70 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: For those who enjoy milk coffee and loves that light creamy flavour that still packs a good buzz. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: Milk is frothed between temperatures of 69-72ºC optimum to a Barista's touch and akin to the temperature that is suitable for our customers to drink immediately upon serving. 151 KCAL. The nutritional details for Iced Cafe Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 151.0 calories. It has 18.9 grams of carbohydrates of which 2.4 grams are sugars. The product offers 7.1 grams of protein. It contains 5.2 grams of fat. The sodium content is 175.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Cafe Latté are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Roasted Hazelnut Latté, priced at RM10.90 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: For those who like their coffee on the milky side and a little nuttiness from hazelnuts giving you that toasty sweet flavour. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: Coffee with a nutty touch gives a sense of sophistication to the drinker – someone who's not too serious and retains a bit of youthfulness. The nutritional details for Iced Roasted Hazelnut Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 170.0 calories. It has 28.4 grams of carbohydrates of which 26.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 6.6 grams of protein. It contains 3.3 grams of fat. The sodium content is 132.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Roasted Hazelnut Latté are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Salted Caramel Latté, priced at RM10.90 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: A salty sweet touch to your daily coffee for days when you just want to mellow out with a cool crafted coffee drink! Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: Not too salty not too sweet not too bitter. A perfectly balanced drink giving you an all-rounded experience. The nutritional details for Iced Salted Caramel Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 189.0 calories. It has 28.4 grams of carbohydrates of which 22.7 grams are sugars. The product offers 6.6 grams of protein. It contains 5.2 grams of fat. The sodium content is 184.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Salted Caramel Latté are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced French Vanilla Latté, priced at RM10.90 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: For those who like their coffee on the milky side with a pump of vanilla for that delicately elevated fragrance to their daily coffee. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: This traditional Latté infused with French Vanilla is perfect for those who like their coffee with a bit more flavour and sweetness. The nutritional details for Iced French Vanilla Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 194.0 calories. It has 28.4 grams of carbohydrates of which 22.7 grams are sugars. The product offers 6.6 grams of protein. It contains 6.1 grams of fat. The sodium content is 156.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced French Vanilla Latté are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Caramel Macchiato, priced at RM11.70 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: A deconstructed Caramel Latte where the Espresso is not mixed in but instead poured on top of the frothed milk. Pro Tip: Best drink experience with outlet pickup! Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: It's creamy and sweet with a hint of coffee!. The nutritional details for Iced Caramel Macchiato are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 222.0 calories. It has 28.4 grams of carbohydrates of which 28.4 grams are sugars. The product offers 9.0 grams of protein. It contains 8.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 307.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Caramel Macchiato are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Australian Chocolate, priced at RM12.60 under the Chocolate category. Description: A rich & chocolatey experience made with Australian Cocoa that's beautifully balanced between the dark & light milky flavour. Crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate. Extra Info: Cocoa powder contains a number of chemicals that can make people feel happy and promote positive feelings. The nutritional details for Iced Australian Chocolate are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 307.0 calories. It has 42.6 grams of carbohydrates of which 41.6 grams are sugars. The product offers 11.8 grams of protein. It contains 9.9 grams of fat. The sodium content is 383.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Australian Chocolate are as: Chocolate Powder. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Café Mocha, priced at RM12.80 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: The mixture of chocolate & coffee that created this tall dark and decadent drink has won over the hearts of many. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: For rich dessert lovers. Crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate (40% Cocoa). 241 KCAL. The nutritional details for Iced Café Mocha are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 241.0 calories. It has 52.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 37.8 grams are sugars. The product offers 3.8 grams of protein. It contains 1.9 grams of fat. The sodium content is 246.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Café Mocha are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Babycino, priced at RM7.60 under the Kids-Friendly, Non-Coffee category. Description: A warmly frothed milk infused with Vanilla with a light sprinkle of Chocolate Powder. A drink that is friendly to all ages. Extra Info: A drink that is soothing and delicious to kids but not limited to youthful adults who are kids at heart!. The nutritional details for Iced Babycino are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 203.0 calories. It has 28.4 grams of carbohydrates of which 18.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 6.6 grams of protein. It contains 7.1 grams of fat. The sodium content is 95.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Babycino are as: Vanilla Syrup. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Regular Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Earl Grey Tea, priced at RM6.90 under the Tea category. Description: This tea is perhaps the most famous tea in the world originally inspired by the British Prime Minister Earl Grey. This blend uses teas from India and China blended with natural oil of bergamot. Extra Info: 0 KCAL. The ingredients for Hot Earl Grey Tea are as: Earl Grey. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Hot, Warm, No Topping, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Tumbler, Velvet Crème. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot White Vanilla Grapefruit Tea, priced at RM6.90 under the Tea category. Description: Our cleansing white tea blend of White Vanilla Grapefruit is enriched by vanilla and brightened by the clear citrus notes of grapefruit. Its vanilla aroma adds a pleasantly indulgent touch. Extra Info: 0 KCAL. The ingredients for Hot White Vanilla Grapefruit Tea are as: White Vanilla Grapefruit. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Hot, Warm, No Topping, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Tumbler, Velvet Crème. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Chamomile Tea, priced at RM6.90 under the Tea category. Description: A premium herbal tea with definite body. Chamomile is perfect for winding down during a hectic afternoon at the office or at home at the end of the day. Extra Info: 0 KCAL. The ingredients for Iced Chamomile Tea are as: Chamomile . It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Normal Ice, Less Ice, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Earl Grey Tea, priced at RM6.90 under the Tea category. Description: This tea is perhaps the most famous tea in the world originally inspired by the British Prime Minister Earl Grey. This blend uses teas from India and China blended with natural oil of bergamot. Extra Info: 0 KCAL. The ingredients for Iced Earl Grey Tea are as: Earl Grey. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Normal Ice, Less Ice, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced White Vanilla Grapefruit Tea, priced at RM6.90 under the Tea category. Description: Our cleansing white tea blend of White Vanilla Grapefruit is enriched by vanilla and brightened by the clear citrus notes of grapefruit. Its vanilla aroma adds a pleasantly indulgent touch. Extra Info: 0 KCAL. The ingredients for Iced White Vanilla Grapefruit Tea are as: White Vanilla Grapefruit. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Normal Ice, Less Ice, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Espresso, priced at RM4.20 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: A standard Italian Espresso is pulled through 9 bars of pressure & 91ºC water. The medium-dark roast gives hints of dark chocolate salted caramel with a smokey aftertaste. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: ZUS Blend is a 100% Specialty Grade Arabica hand-crafted blend consisting of Single Origin beans from Brazil Papua New Guinea & Indonesia. Our blend exhibits captivating aroma toasty caramel flavours low acidity creamy mouthfeel with a dark cocoa aftertaste. Elevation: 800 - 2000 masl Process: Natural & Washed. The ingredients for Espresso are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Standard (double), No Topping, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Salted Caramel Chocolate, priced at RM12.80 under the Chocolate category. Description: Sprinkled with a hint of sea salt it carries an enhanced and rounded flavour which stunningly brings out the complexity & richness in the caramel and chocolate. Crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate. Extra Info: Cocoa powder contains a number of chemicals that can make people feel happy and promote positive feelings. Mix that with salted caramel and you've got a potent happiness elixir!. The nutritional details for Hot Salted Caramel Chocolate are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 355.0 calories. It has 53.3 grams of carbohydrates of which 53.3 grams are sugars. The product offers 11.0 grams of protein. It contains 11.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 160.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Salted Caramel Chocolate are as: Chocolate Powder. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Salted Caramel Chocolate, priced at RM12.80 under the Chocolate category. Description: Sprinkled with a hint of sea salt it carries an enhanced and rounded flavour which stunningly brings out the complexity & richness in the caramel and chocolate. Crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate. Extra Info: Cocoa powder contains a number of chemicals that can make people feel happy and promote positive feelings. Mix that with salted caramel and you've got a potent happiness elixir!. The nutritional details for Iced Salted Caramel Chocolate are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 298.0 calories. It has 42.6 grams of carbohydrates of which 23.7 grams are sugars. The product offers 9.0 grams of protein. It contains 10.4 grams of fat. The sodium content is 161.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Salted Caramel Chocolate are as: Chocolate Powder. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot ZUS Cocoa Mocha, priced at RM12.80 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: ZUS takes on a richer version of the classic Mocha with double the Cocoa of the standard Mocha. Seriously 'KAW'! Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: For the traditional Mocha lovers that like their Mocha with more chocolatey kick! ZUS Cocoa Mocha is crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate (40% Cocoa). The nutritional details for Hot ZUS Cocoa Mocha are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 355.0 calories. It has 53.3 grams of carbohydrates of which 51.5 grams are sugars. The product offers 11.0 grams of protein. It contains 11.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 163.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot ZUS Cocoa Mocha are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Green Tea Latte, priced at RM9.70 under the Tea category. Description: You can't go wrong with the Classic Matcha which uses pure Japanese Green Tea matcha powder giving you that creamy and clean umami flavour. Extra Info: If it says Latte does that mean it has coffee? Not necessarily. You Zussies are smart we are pretty sure you know that Latte means milk in Italian. The nutritional details for Hot Green Tea Latte are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 366.0 calories. It has 49.7 grams of carbohydrates of which 49.7 grams are sugars. The product offers 9.6 grams of protein. It contains 14.2 grams of fat. The sodium content is 284.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Green Tea Latte are as: Green Tea Powder. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, No Shot, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced ZUS Cocoa Mocha, priced at RM12.80 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: ZUS takes on a richer version of the classic Mocha with double the Cocoa of the standard Mocha. Seriously 'KAW'! Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: For the traditional Mocha lovers that like their Mocha with more chocolatey kick! ZUS Cocoa Mocha is crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate (40% Cocoa). The nutritional details for Iced ZUS Cocoa Mocha are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 473.0 calories. It has 75.7 grams of carbohydrates of which 63.9 grams are sugars. The product offers 5.2 grams of protein. It contains 16.6 grams of fat. The sodium content is 345.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced ZUS Cocoa Mocha are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA, Buttercrème. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Green Tea Latte, priced at RM9.70 under the Tea category. Description: You can't go wrong with the Classic Matcha which uses pure Japanese Green Tea matcha powder giving you that creamy and clean umami flavour. Extra Info: If it says Latte does that mean it has coffee? Not necessarily. You Zussies are smart we are pretty sure you know that Latte means milk in Italian. The nutritional details for Iced Green Tea Latte are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 359.0 calories. It has 52.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 52.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 8.5 grams of protein. It contains 13.2 grams of fat. The sodium content is 303.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Green Tea Latte are as: Green Tea Powder. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot French Vanilla Chocolate, priced at RM12.80 under the Chocolate category. Description: Two classic flavours made as one. You can never go wrong with a double classic combo of Vanille et Cacao. Crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate. Extra Info: Cocoa powder contains a number of chemicals that can make people feel happy and promote positive feelings. Mix that with some French vanilla and you've got a potent happiness elixir!. The nutritional details for Hot French Vanilla Chocolate are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 366.0 calories. It has 53.3 grams of carbohydrates of which 53.3 grams are sugars. The product offers 11.0 grams of protein. It contains 12.1 grams of fat. The sodium content is 128.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot French Vanilla Chocolate are as: Chocolate Powder. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Roasted Hazelnut Chocolate, priced at RM12.80 under the Chocolate category. Description: A nutty and chocolatey combination for your inner dessert loving self so be sure to treat yourself today because we believe in self-care! Crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate. Extra Info: Cocoa powder contains a number of chemicals that can make people feel happy and promote positive feelings. Mix that with hazelnuts and you've got a potent happiness elixir!. The nutritional details for Hot Roasted Hazelnut Chocolate are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 351.0 calories. It has 51.1 grams of carbohydrates of which 51.1 grams are sugars. The product offers 11.0 grams of protein. It contains 10.7 grams of fat. The sodium content is 302.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Roasted Hazelnut Chocolate are as: Chocolate Powder. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced French Vanilla Chocolate, priced at RM12.80 under the Chocolate category. Description: Two classic flavours made as one. You can never go wrong with a double classic combo of Vanille et Cacao. Crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate. Extra Info: Cocoa powder contains a number of chemicals that can make people feel happy and promote positive feelings. Mix that with some French vanilla and you've got a potent happiness elixir!. The nutritional details for Iced French Vanilla Chocolate are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 293.0 calories. It has 42.6 grams of carbohydrates of which 28.4 grams are sugars. The product offers 8.5 grams of protein. It contains 9.9 grams of fat. The sodium content is 260.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced French Vanilla Chocolate are as: Chocolate Powder. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Roasted Hazelnut Chocolate, priced at RM12.80 under the Chocolate category. Description: A nutty and chocolatey combination for your inner dessert loving self so be sure to treat yourself today because we believe in self-care! Crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate. Extra Info: Cocoa powder contains a number of chemicals that can make people feel happy and promote positive feelings. Mix that with hazelnuts and you've got a potent happiness elixir!. The nutritional details for Iced Roasted Hazelnut Chocolate are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 298.0 calories. It has 47.3 grams of carbohydrates of which 23.7 grams are sugars. The product offers 6.1 grams of protein. It contains 9.5 grams of fat. The sodium content is 137.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Roasted Hazelnut Chocolate are as: Chocolate Powder. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Double Chocolate Muffin, priced at RM7.40 under the Pastries category. Description: Double the chocolate double the droolicious! Layered with gooey chocolate fudge perfect to satisfy all your chocolate cravings. Extra Info: This classic beautifully chocolate crafted muffin will have you transported to the chocolate heaven virtually. A moist chocolate-y muffin made with brown sugar sour cream and butter is oh-so-tender you'll devour it in a bite!. The nutritional details for Double Chocolate Muffin are as: For a serving size of 120.0(oz/g), this product contains 427.0 calories. It has 37.8 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 5.1 grams of protein. It contains 28.4 grams of fat. The sodium content is 0.0 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Banana Walnut Muffin, priced at RM7.40 under the Pastries category. Description: The taste of the tropics from banana and crunchiness of walnuts; there's a muffin for everyone! Extra Info: A mouthful of sweet caramel-like decadence with every bite thanks to brown sugar. Adorned generously with bananas all with sprinkles of brown sugar and chopped walnuts on top!. The nutritional details for Banana Walnut Muffin are as: For a serving size of 120.0(oz/g), this product contains 339.0 calories. It has 45.4 grams of carbohydrates of which 24.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 4.5 grams of protein. It contains 15.5 grams of fat. The sodium content is 231.0 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Burnt Cheese Cake, priced at RM13.50 under the Upsell Product, Cakes category. Description: Don't be intimidated by its burnt top because it's the best part of this dessert! Tastes like caramelised cheesecake with a beautiful burnt exterior and super creamy interior. Extra Info: The bitterness of the burnt cheese cake exterior mixed with the sweet and creamy center help to balance the flavours out. It's like having a salty and sweet dessert all in one!. The nutritional details for Burnt Cheese Cake are as: For a serving size of 125.0(oz/g), this product contains 324.0 calories. It has 18.2 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 6.1 grams of protein. It contains 25.2 grams of fat. The sodium content is 0.0 mg. The ingredients for Burnt Cheese Cake are as: Cake box. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

ZUS Signature Chicken Lasagna, priced at RM13.60 under the Hot Meals category. Description: Sink your fork into our ZUS Premium Hot Meals where every bite is out-of-this-world - much like you're flying First Class! Every mouthful is creamy and irresistibly savoury a filling blend of chicken spices and delicious bolognese sauce. Extra Info: Contains: Dairy Gluten and Soy Biting into our ZUS Signature Chicken Lasagne is an adventure much like re-creating the magical experience of travelling in First Class anywhere anytime of the day. Experience the quality and a taste of what it's like to dine 10 000 feet in the air; ☁️ made with only the best ingredients by a team of Executive Chefs with over 30 years of experience. ✨ *ZUS Signature Chicken Lasagna is fresh and carefully packaged. It is pre-heated before it is ready for pickup or delivery. If the lasagna requires further heating you may reheat it in the microwave for 1 - 2 mins for absolute perfection!. The nutritional details for ZUS Signature Chicken Lasagna are as: For a serving size of 230.0(oz/g), this product contains 400.0 calories. It has 38.6 grams of carbohydrates of which 4.9 grams are sugars. The product offers 15.6 grams of protein. It contains 20.4 grams of fat. The sodium content is 469.0 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Spaghetti Bolognese, priced at RM11.50 under the Hot Meals category. Description: The classic tomato based pasta that everyone know and love! Made with our Signature Homemade Sauce it is meaty and satisfyingly comforting. Extra Info: Contains: Gluten Dairy Egg and Soy A classic Italian Dish that always hits the spot! Tangled with beautifully rich and zesty bolognese sauce bursting with so much flavour you’ll be guaranteed to dip and lick your spoon clean!. The nutritional details for Spaghetti Bolognese are as: For a serving size of 320.0(oz/g), this product contains 117.0 calories. It has 20.4 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 4.6 grams of protein. It contains 1.9 grams of fat. The sodium content is 0.0 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Spaghetti Carbonara, priced at RM12.60 under the Hot Meals category. Description: The perfect creamy comfort pasta that brings warmth to the soul in every bite! Extra Info: Spaghetti Carbonara was once known as a pauper's meal as it is only made of three ingredients: a little cheese bacon and eggs. We've made a version that is Halal-friendly!. The nutritional details for Spaghetti Carbonara are as: For a serving size of 330.0(oz/g), this product contains 122.0 calories. It has 18.0 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 5.4 grams of protein. It contains 3.1 grams of fat. The sodium content is 0.0 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

ZUSTRAW (Classic Blue), priced at RM12.90 under the Merchandise, Upsell Product category. Description: Made of stainless steel & comes with an eco fennel pouch and is suitable for all drinks & all ages Limited Edition ZUStraws! ✨ Extra Info: NULL. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

ZUSTRAW (Luxury Gold), priced at RM12.90 under the Merchandise, Upsell Product category. Description: Made of stainless steel & comes with an eco fennel pouch and is suitable for all drinks & all ages Limited Edition ZUStraws! ✨ Extra Info: NULL. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Firecracker Chicken Sausage Roll, priced at RM10.90 under the Pastries category. Description: Add a bit of spice 🌶 to your regular sausage roll with this firecracker. Premium German sausage wrapped in imported Australian butter puff this is the firecracker snack to tingle your tastebuds at any time of the day. Extra Info: Contains: Gluten Egg Soy and Dairy. May Contain Traces of Fish Nuts Sesame Seeds and Crustaceans. This puff pastry sausage roll with premium German chicken sausage meat is carefully crafted to delight the palate while serving a mouthful of excitement in every bite. The nutritional details for Firecracker Chicken Sausage Roll are as: For a serving size of 100.0(oz/g), this product contains 456.7 calories. It has 19.3 grams of carbohydrates of which 0.4 grams are sugars. The product offers 14.0 grams of protein. It contains 35.7 grams of fat. The sodium content is 1232.7 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Chocolate Roll, priced at RM8.50 under the Upsell Product, Pastries category. Description: A multilayered laminated sweet pastry filled with irresistible chocolate. This danish roll is sure to cure your sweet tooth cravings. Extra Info: Contains: Gluten Egg Soy and Dairy. May Contain Traces of Fish Nuts Sesame Seeds and Crustaceans. This roll was made with premium natural ingredients from an authentic Swiss receipe that's guaranteed to keep you coming back for more. . The nutritional details for Chocolate Roll are as: For a serving size of 72.0(oz/g), this product contains 443.6 calories. It has 48.7 grams of carbohydrates of which 2.1 grams are sugars. The product offers 6.4 grams of protein. It contains 24.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 255.5 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Chocolate Fudge Cake, priced at RM13.50 under the Upsell Product, Cakes category. Description: Have you ever had such amazing chocolate that you blackout from all its goodness? That's what you'll experience with our Chocolate Fudge Cake! Extra Info: Using the staple of all desserts - CHOCOLATE this cake is layered with chocolate sponge and indulgent chocolate fudge to make up the perfect dessert that is both sinful and sweet!. The nutritional details for Chocolate Fudge Cake are as: For a serving size of 92.0(oz/g), this product contains 454.0 calories. It has 58.5 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 5.7 grams of protein. It contains 21.9 grams of fat. The sodium content is 0.0 mg. The ingredients for Chocolate Fudge Cake are as: Cake box. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

ZUS Lemonade, priced at RM7.60 under the Non-Coffee category. Description: When life gives you lemons you drink ZUS Lemonade! Freshly squeezed lemons in sparkling water with a dash of sweetness this drink is sure to balance out all the sourness in your life. Extra Info: A squeeze of sour + a dash of sweet + a zing of sparkle = ZUS Lemonade. The refreshing drink you need to quench your thirst on a hot day in Malaysia. 170 KCAL. The nutritional details for ZUS Lemonade are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 170.0 calories. It has 42.6 grams of carbohydrates of which 42.6 grams are sugars. The product offers 0.5 grams of protein. It contains 0.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 90.0 mg. The ingredients for ZUS Lemonade are as: Sweet & Sour. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Japanese Matcha Frappé, priced at RM14.90 under the ZUS Frappé category. Description: Cool down with our ice blended Frappé made with premium Japanese Matcha Powder and topped with whipped cream for that decadent touch. (WHIPPED CREAM IS NOT SERVED FOR DELIVERY) Extra Info: A classic Matcha Frappé that gives you an inspirational boost and good green vibes. The nutritional details for Japanese Matcha Frappé are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 497.0 calories. It has 61.5 grams of carbohydrates of which 61.5 grams are sugars. The product offers 7.6 grams of protein. It contains 24.6 grams of fat. The sodium content is 539.0 mg. The ingredients for Japanese Matcha Frappé are as: Green Tea Powder. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, No Whipped Cream, With Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Add Chocolate Chip, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Salted Caramel Frappé, priced at RM14.90 under the ZUS Frappé category. Description: A salty sweet treat that is made better when ice blended to perfection. There's nothing basic about loving a classic Salted Caramel Frappé. (WHIPPED CREAM IS NOT SERVED FOR DELIVERY) Extra Info: What do you get if you cross the sweetness from caramel the fragrance of vanilla and add a dash of Himalayan salt? The deliciously addictive taste of a Salted Caramel Frappé! . The nutritional details for Salted Caramel Frappé are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 421.0 calories. It has 61.5 grams of carbohydrates of which 54.4 grams are sugars. The product offers 5.7 grams of protein. It contains 17.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 203.0 mg. The ingredients for Salted Caramel Frappé are as: Frappe Roast. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Whipped Cream, With Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Add Chocolate Chip, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Cocoa Mocha Frappé, priced at RM14.90 under the ZUS Frappé category. Description: Pure Australian Cocoa ice blended with specialty Coffee to give you an indulgent and rich treat with a low-key caffeine kick. (WHIPPED CREAM IS NOT SERVED FOR DELIVERY) Extra Info: Nothing tastes better than the mix of espresso and premium Australian Cocoa in a Frappé on days when you are just craving for a bit of sweetness in your classic coffee. . The nutritional details for Cocoa Mocha Frappé are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 374.0 calories. It has 61.5 grams of carbohydrates of which 61.5 grams are sugars. The product offers 8.5 grams of protein. It contains 10.4 grams of fat. The sodium content is 175.0 mg. The ingredients for Cocoa Mocha Frappé are as: Frappe Roast. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Whipped Cream, With Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Add Chocolate Chip, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Espresso Frappé, priced at RM14.90 under the ZUS Frappé category. Description: For the serious coffee drinker who's looking for a little fun this double shot espresso frappé is the perfect drink to turn that scowl upside down. (WHIPPED CREAM IS NOT SERVED FOR DELIVERY) Extra Info: A blend of our strongest espresso with vanilla essence and milk gives a twist to the cult classic giving us our first ever bittersweet Frappé! . The nutritional details for Espresso Frappé are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 265.0 calories. It has 28.4 grams of carbohydrates of which 28.4 grams are sugars. The product offers 5.2 grams of protein. It contains 14.7 grams of fat. The sodium content is 260.0 mg. The ingredients for Espresso Frappé are as: Milk. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Whipped Cream, With Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Add Chocolate Chip, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Pink Lemonade, priced at RM7.60 under the Non-Coffee category. Description: A twist of sweet & citrusy flavours for that refreshing soda pop feeling that's perfect for a hot summer day. Pro Tip: Add-on an Espresso Shot to get a PINK BLACK Coffee Mocktail! Extra Info: A pink twist to our Signature ZUS Lemonade for a drink that aims to refresh & delight your inner self!. The nutritional details for Pink Lemonade are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 61.0 calories. It has 14.2 grams of carbohydrates of which 12.8 grams are sugars. The product offers 0.9 grams of protein. It contains 0.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 260.0 mg. The ingredients for Pink Lemonade are as: Pink Lemonade. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Pink Black, priced at RM9.70 under the Iced Coffee, Coffee Mocktail category. Description: Pink is the new Black! Our ZUS mixologist concoted this Lychee Lemonade with Espresso especially for its attractive contrast in colour and fabulous flavour combination. It's a must try! Extra Info: Opposites do attract! Pink Black gives a sensational mouthfeel of fizziness and espresso plus a balance of sweet and tangy fruit with a dash of bitterness. . The nutritional details for Pink Black are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 61.0 calories. It has 14.2 grams of carbohydrates of which 11.8 grams are sugars. The product offers 1.4 grams of protein. It contains 0.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 232.0 mg. The ingredients for Pink Black are as: Pink Lemonade. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

ZUS Mineral Water, priced at RM3.00 under the ZUS Bottled Necessity category. Description: A pure bottle of ZUS Mineral Water to keep you hydrated and bring with you on the go. Extra Info: Cleanse your palate with H20 after having your ZUS cuppa or Bites and stay ahead of the hot Malaysian weather. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Mini Blueberry Coconut Granola Bites (40g), priced at RM5.90 under the Healthy Snacks category. Description: A delicious combo of toasted traditional rolled oats coconut flakes chia seeds almonds and cashews topped with wild blueberries goji berries and juicy raisins - this antioxidant-packed is designed to keep you energised throughout the day. Extra Info: Ingredients Traditional rolled oats honey shredded coconut non-GMO canola oil cashews coconut sugar goji berries chia seeds almonds dried blueberries black raisins sea salt. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Mini Chocolate Hazelnut Granola Bites (40g), priced at RM5.90 under the Upsell Product, Healthy Snacks category. Description: Dark chocolate granola with a base of traditional rolled oats buckwheat and antioxidant-rich chia seeds coated in rich cocoa sauce topped with juicy cherries sweet cranberries almonds and hazelnuts. Cacao is what makes chocolate healthy. This superfood is super high in antioxidants and is associated with decreased blood pressure cholesterol levels and improved blood vessel health. Oh and it is said to be responsible for making you happy too! Extra Info: Ingredients Traditional rolled oats honey non-GMO canola oil coconut sugar dark cocoa powder buckwheat black raisins dried cranberries dried cherries almonds hazelnuts chia seeds sea salt. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Mini Pandan Coconut Nut Mix (30g), priced at RM5.90 under the Healthy Snacks category. Description: Buttery pecans rustic almonds & creamy cashews candied in a coconut-infused glaze and 100% natural fragrant pandan leaves. Inspired by the tropical flavours of pandan and coconut that we’ve grown to love in Southeast Asia. Extra Info: Ingredients Pecans Almonds Cashews Organic Molasses Coconut Shreds Pandan Leaves Egg White Powder Sea Salt. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Mini Zesty Maple Nut Mix (30g), priced at RM5.90 under the Healthy Snacks category. Description: Indulge in this vegan friendly orange nut mix made with crunchy walnuts almonds cashews and pumpkin seeds. Accented with freshly zested oranges and sweetened with maple syrup this nut mix will have you reaching for more. Extra Info: Ingredients Cashew Pumpkin Seeds Walnuts Almonds Maple Syrup Organic Molasses Orange Zest Cinnamon Sea Salt. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced ZERO Latté, priced at RM11.80 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: ZERO Dairy Milk - The perfect cuppa for the lactose intolerant. Have a taste of guilt-free with our signature ZERO Latté. Take your pick from plant-based milk options of Oat Milk Almond Milk & Soy Milk! Extra Info: ONE part espresso ZERO parts Dairy Milk. Enjoy our favourite blend of 100% Arabica beans paired with your preferred choice of healthy milk options. Soy 109 KCAL Oat 147 KCAL Almond 57 KCAL. The nutritional details for Iced ZERO Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 179.0 calories. It has 23.7 grams of carbohydrates of which 18.9 grams are sugars. The product offers 10.9 grams of protein. It contains 3.8 grams of fat. The sodium content is 331.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced ZERO Latté are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Soy Milk, Oat Milk, Almond Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

ZERO Frappé, priced at RM14.90 under the ZUS Frappé category. Description: The most functional frappé in the history of ZUS! Who says you can’t have a coffee frappe AND be on a diet at the same time? ZERO DAIRY MILK ZERO NONSENSE. Extra Info: Boost your energy with our double shot espresso blended with our top of the line selection of fine plant-based milks. Soy 118 KCAL Oat 123 KCAL Almond 109 KCAL. The nutritional details for ZERO Frappé are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 118.0 calories. It has 23.7 grams of carbohydrates of which 23.7 grams are sugars. The product offers 4.3 grams of protein. It contains 0.9 grams of fat. The sodium content is 317.0 mg. The ingredients for ZERO Frappé are as: Frappe Roast. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Standard (double), No Topping, Soy Milk, Oat Milk, Almond Milk, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Keto Black, priced at RM9.70 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: Have you tried Butter Coffee? Keto people rejoice! Introducing our specialty black coffee combined with Authentic French Butter. Have a taste of fats in the best way - WITH COFFEE! *Available as a Hot Drink only. Double Espresso + 100ML of Hot Water + 10G of French butter. Content Amount : 230ml. Extra Info: Let us butter you up with our Keto Black so you can gain a boost of energy without having to bear the guilt! 50 KCAL. The nutritional details for Keto Black are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 50.0 calories. It has 10.7 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 2.1 grams of protein. It contains 0.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 174.0 mg. The ingredients for Keto Black are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, No Topping, Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot ZERO Latté, priced at RM11.80 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: ZERO Dairy Milk - The perfect cuppa for the lactose intolerant. Have a taste of guilt-free with our signature ZERO Latté. Take your pick from plant-based milk options of Oat Milk Almond Milk & Soy Milk! Extra Info: ONE part espresso ZERO parts Dairy Milk. Enjoy our favourite blend of 100% Arabica beans paired with your preferred choice of healthy milk options. Soy 170 KCAL Oat 279 KCAL Almond 118 KCAL. The nutritional details for Hot ZERO Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 170.0 calories. It has 23.7 grams of carbohydrates of which 18.9 grams are sugars. The product offers 10.9 grams of protein. It contains 3.8 grams of fat. The sodium content is 331.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot ZERO Latté are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, Soy Milk, Oat Milk, Almond Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Creamy Mango, priced at RM9.90 under the Kids-Friendly, Non-Coffee category. Description: A silky smooth mango beverage that is the perfect companion to any meal especially when you're feeling particularly hungry and craving for mangoes! Extra Info: Sweet. Silky. Smooth. That's what you'll get with our combination of mango and milk. Fill your tummy with something yummy when you're hungry today! 322 KCAL. The nutritional details for Creamy Mango are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 322.0 calories. It has 71.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 71.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 9.0 grams of protein. It contains 0.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 293.0 mg. The ingredients for Creamy Mango are as: Sjora Mango. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, No Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Pandan Burnt Cheese Cake, priced at RM13.50 under the Cakes category. Description: Our Burnt Cheese Cake just got a Pandan upgrade! Melt-in-your-mouth caramelised cheesecake with a creamy pandan flavour that all Malaysians know and love. Extra Info: Sweet creamy and aromatic. Pandan is the ingredient you didn't know you were missing in your classic Burnt Cheese Cake. If you love our ZUS Gula Melaka you must try it paired with our newest indulgent cake. The nutritional details for Pandan Burnt Cheese Cake are as: For a serving size of 83.0(oz/g), this product contains 333.0 calories. It has 18.6 grams of carbohydrates of which 17.4 grams are sugars. The product offers 5.9 grams of protein. It contains 26.1 grams of fat. The sodium content is 205.6 mg. The ingredients for Pandan Burnt Cheese Cake are as: Cake box. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Oh My Orange ZUS, priced at RM8.90 under the ZUS Bottled Necessity category. Description: Kickstart your morning with a good dose of Vitamin C in a bottle of freshly squeezed OJ no sugar added. Extra Info: Enjoy this classic breakfast beverage on the go when you're in need of something refreshing. The nutritional details for Oh My Orange ZUS are as: For a serving size of 330ML, this product contains 109.0 calories. It has 23.4 grams of carbohydrates of which 14.2 grams are sugars. The product offers 0.3 grams of protein. It contains 0.3 grams of fat. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

For The Love Of Fruits, priced at RM8.90 under the ZUS Bottled Necessity category. Description: An antioxidant packed juice blend of Strawberry Guava and Orange that helps eliminate toxins and makes you feel great no sugar added. Extra Info: For days when you need to take a break from coffee why not enjoy a refreshing fruit juice blend that's chock full of health benefits? . The nutritional details for For The Love Of Fruits are as: For a serving size of 330ML, this product contains 119.0 calories. It has 27.1 grams of carbohydrates of which 13.2 grams are sugars. The product offers 2.3 grams of protein. It contains 0.0 grams of fat. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Classic Egg Mayo Toast, priced at RM9.90 under the Sandwiches category. Description: Fluffy creamy eggs mashed together with just the right amount of homemade mayo topped with slices of cripsy Japanese cucumber in between a set of warm toasted bread. Perfect for all ages. Extra Info: This is Mrs Fluffy Bite. She’s the nicest person you’ll ever meet! And her specialty? Definitely her Classic Egg Mayo Toast. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Chicken Slice & Cheese Toast, priced at RM9.90 under the Sandwiches category. Description: A golden brown crispy toast slabbed with smoked chicken slices warm melted cheese and Béchamel sauce. Our ZUS Signature toast - 100% irresistible! Extra Info: No one knows Mr Crunchy Bite’s real name. There’s a rumour that his name is actually Croque Monsieur and he was a part of the Mafia. He escaped from the group to be with the love of his life Mrs Fluffy Bite. Together the Bites opened up a toasty business and we are now serving his signature toast at all our ZUS outlets. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

CEO Latté, priced at RM9.90 under the Hot Coffee, Top Picks category. Description: Strong & aromatic a drink fit for a boss! Enjoy your CEO Latté your way; choose between two of our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used in default Extra Info: At ZUS we noticed that many important executives in the working world need their coffee quick and strong. That's how the CEO Latté was born because we realised that size doesn't matter for a seriously good cup of coffee. . The nutritional details for CEO Latté are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 217.0 calories. It has 20.6 grams of carbohydrates of which 20.2 grams are sugars. The product offers 9.2 grams of protein. It contains 10.7 grams of fat. The sodium content is 284.0 mg. The ingredients for CEO Latté are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Spanish Latté, priced at RM10.90 under the Iced Coffee, Top Picks category. Description: Originating from Spain this special Spanish Latté is made with traditional espresso combined with sweet & textured milk giving it more body and sweetness. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: Sweet & textured milk has influenced the tastebuds of locals growing up being a staple that's been used in kopitiams throughout Malaysia's history. We wanted to bring this feeling of nostalgia back to our community of ZUSsies. . The nutritional details for Iced Spanish Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 289.0 calories. It has 40.2 grams of carbohydrates of which 39.3 grams are sugars. The product offers 8.5 grams of protein. It contains 9.5 grams of fat. The sodium content is 326.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Spanish Latté are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA, Buttercrème. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Java Chip Frappé, priced at RM14.90 under the ZUS Frappé category. Description: The all-time favourite of every Frappé lover has now landed in ZUS Coffee! Revel in the bittersweet choco-coffee flavour mixed with a good dose of whipped cream. (WHIPPED CREAM IS NOT SERVED FOR DELIVERY) Extra Info: Serious coffee drinkers won't admit to this but sometimes they have a Java Chip Frappé when they want to have some fun especially in the sun! . The nutritional details for Java Chip Frappé are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 572.0 calories. It has 85.1 grams of carbohydrates of which 67.6 grams are sugars. The product offers 7.1 grams of protein. It contains 22.7 grams of fat. The sodium content is 388.0 mg. The ingredients for Java Chip Frappé are as: Frappe Roast. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Whipped Cream, With Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Add Chocolate Chip, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Double Chocolate Chip Frappé, priced at RM14.90 under the ZUS Frappé category. Description: Recipe for absolute chocolate lovers: Choco drink choco chips choco drizzle and more choco chips please! (WHIPPED CREAM IS NOT SERVED FOR DELIVERY) Extra Info: Life is too short to not have one more piece of chocolate. So why not make it a Double Chocolate Chip Frappé?. The nutritional details for Double Chocolate Chip Frappé are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 530.0 calories. It has 75.7 grams of carbohydrates of which 75.7 grams are sugars. The product offers 7.1 grams of protein. It contains 22.2 grams of fat. The sodium content is 298.0 mg. The ingredients for Double Chocolate Chip Frappé are as: Chocolate Sauce. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, No Topping, No Shot, No Whipped Cream, With Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Add Chocolate Chip, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Lychee Strawberry Cooler, priced at RM8.80 under the Non-Coffee category. Description: When the highlands berry meets the lowlands tropical fruit thus it was love at first taste! Extra Info: We ZUSsies love our soda pop refreshers! The origin of pops can be traced back to the 1800s when seltzer water came into production and then made into tasty carbonated beverages. The nutritional details for Lychee Strawberry Cooler are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 95.0 calories. It has 23.7 grams of carbohydrates of which 22.7 grams are sugars. The product offers 0.5 grams of protein. It contains 0.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 270.0 mg. The ingredients for Lychee Strawberry Cooler are as: Pink Lemonade. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Spanish Latté, priced at RM10.90 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: Originating from Spain this special Spanish Latté is made with traditional espresso combined with sweet & textured milk giving it more body and sweetness. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: Sweet & textured milk has influenced the tastebuds of locals growing up being a staple that's been used in kopitiams throughout Malaysia's history. We wanted to bring this feeling of nostalgia back to our community of ZUSsies. . The nutritional details for Hot Spanish Latté are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 298.0 calories. It has 33.4 grams of carbohydrates of which 35.5 grams are sugars. The product offers 10.7 grams of protein. It contains 12.4 grams of fat. The sodium content is 330.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Spanish Latté are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Mini Banana Bread Granola Bites (40g), priced at RM5.90 under the Healthy Snacks category. Description: Just like a warm slice of banana bread these granola bites are the perfect pick-me-up to help you appreciate the simple things in life. Cluster of rolled oats coated with real banana puree and golden flax seeds then topped with pecans walnuts and dehydrated banana bits. This cinnamon-dusted earthy granola will satisfy your comfort snack cravings. This bundle contains: 10x Mini Banana Bread Granola Bites. Extra Info: Ingredients Traditional rolled oats honey banana puree canola oil dehydrated banana coconut sugar pecans walnuts flax seeds cinnamon sea salt. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Cafe Latté 1L, priced at RM23.40 under the ZUS Bottled Necessity category. Description: For when you want to enjoy a classic coffee in the comfort of your own home the ZUS way! Freshly brewed and bottled in-house. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: At ZUS Coffee we understand the need for a quick cup of fresh brewed coffee everyday. With all our hardworking ZUSsies in mind we innovated to minus the hassle and quadruple your hustle – with freshly brewed bottles of Necessity you can have anytime anywhere. . The nutritional details for Cafe Latté 1L are as: For a serving size of 1000.0(oz/g), this product contains 640.0 calories. It has 80.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 60.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 28.0 grams of protein. It contains 23.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 710.0 mg. The ingredients for Cafe Latté 1L are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Dairy Milk, Regular Sugar, No Sugar, Change to French Vanilla, Change to Salted Caramel, Change to Roasted Hazelnut, Change to Soy Milk (1L), Change to Oat Milk (1L), Change to Almond Milk (1L), BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Americano 1L, priced at RM18.90 under the ZUS Bottled Necessity category. Description: For when you want to enjoy a classic coffee in the comfort of your own home the ZUS way! Freshly brewed and bottled in-house. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: At ZUS Coffee we understand the need for a quick cup of fresh brewed coffee everyday. With all our hardworking ZUSsies in mind we innovated to minus the hassle and quadruple your hustle – with freshly brewed bottles of Necessity you can have anytime anywhere. . The nutritional details for Americano 1L are as: For a serving size of 1000.0(oz/g), this product contains 30.0 calories. It has 0.0 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 7.0 grams of protein. It contains 0.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 270.0 mg. The ingredients for Americano 1L are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Japanese Genmaicha Latté 1L, priced at RM27.40 under the ZUS Bottled Necessity category. Description: Savour the flavour of roasted rice and green tea in the comfort of your own home the ZUS way! Freshly brewed and bottled in-house. Extra Info: At ZUS Coffee we understand the need for a quick cup of morning beverage everyday. With all our hardworking ZUSsies in mind we innovated to minus the hassle and quadruple your hustle – with freshly brewed bottles of Necessity you can have anytime anywhere. . The nutritional details for Japanese Genmaicha Latté 1L are as: For a serving size of 1000.0(oz/g), this product contains 840.0 calories. It has 100.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 100.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 30.0 grams of protein. It contains 35.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 570.0 mg. The ingredients for Japanese Genmaicha Latté 1L are as: Genmai Powder. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Dairy Milk, Change to Soy Milk (1L), Change to Oat Milk (1L), Change to Almond Milk (1L). Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Biscoff Baked Cheese Cake, priced at RM13.50 under the Cakes category. Description: Just like every coffee wants a Lotus Biscoff every ZUS Coffee wants a Biscoff Baked Cheese Cake! With Biscoff trending everywhere lately we just had to bring this ZUS-licious cake to our ZUSsies. Extra Info: We heard your cry for Biscoff and we are fulfilling our ZUSsies' Necessity once again! A classic in its own right the Biscoff Baked Cheese Cake is here to make flavourful waves amidst our assortment of cakes!. The nutritional details for Biscoff Baked Cheese Cake are as: For a serving size of 140.0(oz/g), this product contains 484.4 calories. It has 51.6 grams of carbohydrates of which 15.1 grams are sugars. The product offers 8.4 grams of protein. It contains 27.16 grams of fat. The ingredients for Biscoff Baked Cheese Cake are as: Cake box. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Classic Mac & Cheese, priced at RM12.90 under the Hot Meals category. Description: Nothing screams comfort food better than this Classic Mac & Cheese! It's cheesiness will make you smile from ear to ear as you dig into its hot and creamy goodness. Extra Info: Contains: Gluten and Dairy Mac & Cheese was once called a housewife's best friend but it has since become the best friend of people of all ages because we all need a little comfort in our lives. 💛. The nutritional details for Classic Mac & Cheese are as: For a serving size of 300.0(oz/g), this product contains 130.0 calories. It has 17.1 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 5.0 grams of protein. It contains 4.6 grams of fat. The sodium content is 0.0 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Korean Mac & Cheese, priced at RM12.90 under the Upsell Product, Hot Meals category. Description: A K-pop spin to the Classic Mac & Cheese. Take a bite of this Korean Mac & Cheese and go ddu-du ddu-du. How you like that? Extra Info: Contains: Gluten Dairy Egg and Soy An Asian twist to the Classic Mac & Cheese especially for those who need a little kick of spice in their hot meal. This macaroni served in cheesy korean red sauce (think tteokbokki) is the next level of comfort food. Don't knock it till you try it!. The nutritional details for Korean Mac & Cheese are as: For a serving size of 300.0(oz/g), this product contains 158.0 calories. It has 24.0 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 6.8 grams of protein. It contains 3.9 grams of fat. The sodium content is 0.0 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

OATLY CEO Latté, priced at RM13.80 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: Strong & aromatic a drink fit for a boss! Enjoy your CEO Latté your way; choose between two of our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: At ZUS we noticed that many important executives in the working world need their coffee quick and strong. That's how the CEO Latté was born because we realised that size doesn't matter for a seriously good cup of coffee. . The nutritional details for OATLY CEO Latté are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 255.0 calories. It has 37.8 grams of carbohydrates of which 13.7 grams are sugars. The product offers 4.3 grams of protein. It contains 9.5 grams of fat. The sodium content is 397.0 mg. The ingredients for OATLY CEO Latté are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

OATLY Iced Cafe Latté, priced at RM13.60 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: For those who enjoy milk coffee and loves that light creamy flavour that still packs a good buzz. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: Milk is frothed between temperatures of 69-72ºC optimum to a Barista's touch and akin to the temperature that is suitable for our customers to drink immediately upon serving. The ingredients for OATLY Iced Cafe Latté are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

OATLY Hot Spanish Latté, priced at RM14.80 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: Originating from Spain this special Spanish Latté is made with traditional espresso combined with sweet & textured milk giving it more body and sweetness. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: Sweet & textured milk has influenced the tastebuds of locals growing up being a staple that's been used in kopitiams throughout Malaysia's history. We wanted to bring this feeling of nostalgia back to our community of ZUSsies. . The ingredients for OATLY Hot Spanish Latté are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

OATLY Iced Spanish Latté, priced at RM14.80 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: Originating from Spain this special Spanish Latté is made with traditional espresso combined with sweet & textured milk giving it more body and sweetness. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: Sweet & textured milk has influenced the tastebuds of locals growing up being a staple that's been used in kopitiams throughout Malaysia's history. We wanted to bring this feeling of nostalgia back to our community of ZUSsies. . The ingredients for OATLY Iced Spanish Latté are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

OATLY Hot Japanese Genmaicha Latté, priced at RM14.80 under the Tea category. Description: A harmonic milky blend of Roasted Brown Rice and 100% Japanese Specialty Matcha. Extra Info: Our team embarked to Japan and was mindblown by the types of matcha that were available there. From the Land of the Rising Sun we brought a flavour that was both exquisite and unique to all the other matchas we have tasted. . The ingredients for OATLY Hot Japanese Genmaicha Latté are as: Genmai Powder. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, No Shot, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

OATLY Iced Japanese Genmaicha Latté, priced at RM14.80 under the Tea category. Description: A harmonic milky blend of Roasted Brown Rice and 100% Japanese Specialty Matcha. Extra Info: Our team embarked to Japan and was mindblown by the types of matcha that were available there. From the Land of the Rising Sun we brought a flavour that was both exquisite and unique to all the other matchas we have tasted. . The ingredients for OATLY Iced Japanese Genmaicha Latté are as: Genmai Powder. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

OATLY Hot Café Mocha, priced at RM16.70 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: The mixture of chocolate & coffee that created this tall dark and decadent drink has won over the hearts of many. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: For rich dessert lovers. Crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate (40% Cocoa). The ingredients for OATLY Hot Café Mocha are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

OATLY Iced Café Mocha, priced at RM16.70 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: The mixture of chocolate & coffee that created this tall dark and decadent drink has won over the hearts of many. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: For rich dessert lovers. Crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate (40% Cocoa). The ingredients for OATLY Iced Café Mocha are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

OATLY Hot ZUS Cocoa Mocha, priced at RM16.70 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: ZUS takes on a richer version of the classic Mocha with double the Cocoa of the standard Mocha. Seriously 'KAW'! Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: For the traditional Mocha lovers that like their Mocha with more chocolatey kick! ZUS Cocoa Mocha is crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate (40% Cocoa). The ingredients for OATLY Hot ZUS Cocoa Mocha are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

OATLY Iced ZUS Cocoa Mocha, priced at RM16.70 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: ZUS takes on a richer version of the classic Mocha with double the Cocoa of the standard Mocha. Seriously 'KAW'! Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: For the traditional Mocha lovers that like their Mocha with more chocolatey kick! ZUS Cocoa Mocha is crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate (40% Cocoa). The ingredients for OATLY Iced ZUS Cocoa Mocha are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Summer Berries Cheese Cake, priced at RM13.50 under the Upsell Product, Cakes category. Description: Want to feel the warmth and sweetness of summer in your mouth? Delve into our Summer Berries Cheese Cake to pair with your ZUS drinks it's berry good~ Extra Info: It’s creamy with the taste of berries which bring a lot of flavour. Feels like a slice of summer in one bite!. The nutritional details for Summer Berries Cheese Cake are as: For a serving size of 125.0(oz/g), this product contains 284.0 calories. It has 33.7 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 3.6 grams of protein. It contains 15.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 0.0 mg. The ingredients for Summer Berries Cheese Cake are as: Cake box. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Zirty Latté, priced at RM12.90 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: (AVAILABLE FOR PICK-UP ONLY) The sensational 3-Sip Experience First Sip: Enjoy the smooth creamy texture with a robust coffee aroma. The deep-tan crema is perfectly preserved – truly a work of art! Second Sip: The marriage of steaming freshly brewed espresso and the infusion of frigid milk releases a soft milky fragrance that fills the mouth. Third Sip: Hitting all the right spots this creamy hot-cold combo gives a rewarding sensation that's bittersweet and smooth. Extra Info: As the coffee drips into the milk an unusual visual effect is created that resembles coffee on top of milk. Hence the name Dirty Latté. 274 KCAL. The nutritional details for Zirty Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 237.0 calories. It has 23.7 grams of carbohydrates of which 15.1 grams are sugars. The product offers 10.9 grams of protein. It contains 10.9 grams of fat. The sodium content is 336.0 mg. The ingredients for Zirty Latté are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, No Topping, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Matcho Latté, priced at RM9.90 under the Chocolate category. Description: The perfect marriage of matcha and chocolate proves that you can have the best of both worlds in a single cuppa. Crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate. Extra Info: Cocoa powder contains a number of chemicals that can make people feel happy and promote positive feelings. Mix that with some Zen matcha and you've got a potent happiness elixir!. The nutritional details for Hot Matcho Latté are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 217.0 calories. It has 30.2 grams of carbohydrates of which 30.2 grams are sugars. The product offers 6.4 grams of protein. It contains 7.1 grams of fat. The sodium content is 298.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Matcho Latté are as: Chocolate Sauce. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, No Shot, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Matcho Latté, priced at RM9.90 under the Chocolate category. Description: The perfect marriage of matcha and chocolate proves that you can have the best of both worlds in a single cuppa. Crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate. Extra Info: Cocoa powder contains a number of chemicals that can make people feel happy and promote positive feelings. Mix that with some Zen matcha and you've got a potent happiness elixir!. The nutritional details for Iced Matcho Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 217.0 calories. It has 30.2 grams of carbohydrates of which 30.2 grams are sugars. The product offers 6.4 grams of protein. It contains 7.1 grams of fat. The sodium content is 298.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Matcho Latté are as: Green Tea Powder. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Honey Latté, priced at RM8.30 under the Kids-Friendly, Non-Coffee category. Description: This unique honey-sweetened latté is a nostalgic take on a childhood drink that is both comforting and light sweet enough to lure your inner child out. Extra Info: Is there any kid-friendly ZUS drink? Of course! Our Honey Latté is the most delicious ZUS drink for kids to add to your next order. 464 KCAL. The nutritional details for Hot Honey Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 464.0 calories. It has 75.7 grams of carbohydrates of which 75.7 grams are sugars. The product offers 11.4 grams of protein. It contains 12.8 grams of fat. The sodium content is 246.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Honey Latté are as: Honey . This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, No Shot, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Honey Latté, priced at RM8.30 under the Kids-Friendly, Non-Coffee category. Description: This unique honey-sweetened latté is a nostalgic take on a childhood drink that is both comforting and light sweet enough to lure your inner child out. Extra Info: Is there any kid-friendly ZUS drink? Of course! Our Honey Latté is the most delicious ZUS drink for kids to add to your next order. KCAL: 307. The nutritional details for Iced Honey Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 307.0 calories. It has 56.8 grams of carbohydrates of which 52.5 grams are sugars. The product offers 5.7 grams of protein. It contains 6.1 grams of fat. The sodium content is 161.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Honey Latté are as: Honey . This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Strawberry Chocolate Chip Almond Milk Frappé, priced at RM14.90 under the ZUS Frappé, Kids-Friendly category. Description: The sweetness of the strawberries balances out chocolate's rich taste making it a good classic flavour match. Paired with the nuttiness of almond milk it is almost like drinking a dessert! (WHIPPED CREAM IS NOT SERVED FOR DELIVERY) Extra Info: Instead of past present and future – we at ZUS would much prefer chocolate cream and strawberries!. The nutritional details for Strawberry Chocolate Chip Almond Milk Frappé are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 544.0 calories. It has 75.7 grams of carbohydrates of which 67.2 grams are sugars. The product offers 3.3 grams of protein. It contains 25.1 grams of fat. The sodium content is 270.0 mg. The ingredients for Strawberry Chocolate Chip Almond Milk Frappé are as: Strawberry Sauce. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, No Topping, No Shot, No Whipped Cream, With Whipped Cream, Almond Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Add Chocolate Chip, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Sloppy Joe Mac & Cheese, priced at RM14.90 under the Upsell Product, Hot Meals category. Description: Extra delicious sloppy in your belly! Experience the richness of this sloppy combination that's oh so good! Just ask Joe. Disclaimer: This product contains beef in the ingredients. Extra Info: This Sloppy Joe Mac n Cheese takes the flavors of a sloppy joe & puts them in a big bowl of comforting mac and cheese!. The nutritional details for Sloppy Joe Mac & Cheese are as: For a serving size of 315.0(oz/g), this product contains 178.0 calories. It has 19.4 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 8.1 grams of protein. It contains 7.6 grams of fat. The sodium content is 0.0 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

ZERO Meat Lasagna, priced at RM15.90 under the Upsell Product, Hot Meals category. Description: This meatless alternative is the perfect marriage of buttery cheese tangy tomato sauce and lasagna noodles. So satisfying that you won't miss the meat at all! [TBC] This ZERO meat alternative is the perfect marriage of buttery cheese tangy tomato sauce and lasagna noodles. Preferred by many conscious eaters this is so satisfying that you won't miss the meat at all! Extra Info: Best believe this ZERO Meat lasagna is just as good as our Signature Chicken Lasagna. This meatless alternative is a delicious combination of premium herbs and homemade tomato sauce that will enlighten the tastebuds of just about anyone! [TBC] This ZERO meat alternative is a delicious combination of premium herbs and homemade tomato sauce that's sure to tickle your taste buds. For the conscious eaters this is THE lasagna for you! . The nutritional details for ZERO Meat Lasagna are as: For a serving size of 330.0(oz/g), this product contains 160.0 calories. It has 11.8 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 6.3 grams of protein. It contains 9.7 grams of fat. The sodium content is 0.0 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Café Mocha 1L, priced at RM27.40 under the ZUS Bottled Necessity category. Description: For when you want to enjoy a classic coffee in the comfort of your own home the ZUS way! Freshly brewed and bottled in-house. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: At ZUS Coffee we understand the need for a quick cup of fresh brewed coffee everyday. With all our hardworking ZUSsies in mind we innovated to minus the hassle and quadruple your hustle – with freshly brewed bottles of Necessity you can have anytime anywhere. . The nutritional details for Café Mocha 1L are as: For a serving size of 1000.0(oz/g), this product contains 910.0 calories. It has 160.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 160.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 29.0 grams of protein. It contains 17.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 790.0 mg. The ingredients for Café Mocha 1L are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Dairy Milk, Change to Soy Milk (1L), Change to Oat Milk (1L), Change to Almond Milk (1L), BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Spanish Latté 1L, priced at RM28.40 under the ZUS Bottled Necessity category. Description: For when you want to enjoy a classic coffee in the comfort of your own home the ZUS way! Freshly brewed and bottled in-house. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: At ZUS Coffee we understand the need for a quick cup of fresh brewed coffee everyday. With all our hardworking ZUSsies in mind we innovated to minus the hassle and quadruple your hustle – with freshly brewed bottles of Necessity you can have anytime anywhere. . The nutritional details for Spanish Latté 1L are as: For a serving size of 1000.0(oz/g), this product contains 1160.0 calories. It has 156.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 89.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 24.0 grams of protein. It contains 47.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 540.0 mg. The ingredients for Spanish Latté 1L are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Dairy Milk, Change to Soy Milk (1L), Change to Oat Milk (1L), Change to Almond Milk (1L), BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Mushroom Chicken Deluxe, priced at RM10.90 under the Upsell Product, Pastries category. Description: Pairing flakes of buttery pastry with the versatile chicken patty is a match made in heaven. That's not all – it is stuffed with sweet onions garlic sauteed button mushooms and nacho-style cheese! This croissant will have you exclaiming très bon with each bite! Extra Info: Contains: Gluten Egg Soy and Dairy Mushrooms are one of the only foods with natural vitamin D a vitamin that helps keep your bones and immune system strong. They're also rich in antioxidants and anti-inflammatory. The nutritional details for Mushroom Chicken Deluxe are as: For a serving size of 170.0(oz/g), this product contains 286.0 calories. It has 24.8 grams of carbohydrates of which 4.1 grams are sugars. The product offers 11.3 grams of protein. It contains 13.9 grams of fat. The sodium content is 687.8 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Chicken Slice & Cheese Croissant, priced at RM10.90 under the Upsell Product, Pastries category. Description: Croissants the pride and symbol of French breakfast! This buttery and cheesy delight is the epitome of a great brunch. Combining parmesan mozzarella and cheddar cheese with our secret white sauce and generously seasoned chicken slice you'd wonder how a single Croissant can hold this much flavour! Extra Info: Contains: Gluten Egg Soy and Dairy The croissant is synonymous with a crunchy texture and an irresistible taste qualities that have made it a product that few can resist. Mix that with a delicious medly of chicken and cheese – heaven!. The nutritional details for Chicken Slice & Cheese Croissant are as: For a serving size of 305.0(oz/g), this product contains 305.0 calories. It has 21.3 grams of carbohydrates of which 2.8 grams are sugars. The product offers 10.5 grams of protein. It contains 17.9 grams of fat. The sodium content is 399.0 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Chocolate Donut, priced at RM4.20 under the Upsell Product, Pastries category. Description: Chocolate or donuts? Why not both?! This chocolate glazed donut unites the best of both worlds. Dunk it in coffee and let us know how it tastes! Extra Info: Contains: Gluten Soy and Dairy. May Contain Traces of Eggs and Nuts. Donuts are a classic example of comfort food – they taste good and make us feel happy. They are even better with a great cup of ZUS Coffee!. The nutritional details for Chocolate Donut are as: For a serving size of 40.0(oz/g), this product contains 201.0 calories. It has 18.6 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 2.4 grams of protein. It contains 13.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 0.0 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Strawberry Donut, priced at RM4.20 under the Upsell Product, Pastries category. Description: We can't keep away from this strawberry flavoured chocolate donut! Sweet glazy donuts are perfect for a quick bite to fill up the happiness meter. We need more sprinkles in life! Extra Info: Contains: Gluten Soy and Dairy. May Contain Traces of Eggs and Nuts. Donuts are a classic example of comfort food – they taste good and make us feel happy. They are even better with a great cup of ZUS Coffee!. The nutritional details for Strawberry Donut are as: For a serving size of 40.0(oz/g), this product contains 174.0 calories. It has 19.9 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 2.5 grams of protein. It contains 9.4 grams of fat. The sodium content is 0.0 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Sprouted Rye Bread, priced at RM4.90 under the Upsell Product, Pastries category. Description: Love carbs but hate the ensuing guilt? We've just the thing for you! Our Sprouted Rye Bread has high fibre low carbs and even lower gluten. Its fine chewy texture and strong earthy taste lends a flexibility that makes it perfect for any Brekkie pairings. Combine it with one of our handcrafted drinks and you're all set! Extra Info: NULL. The nutritional details for Sprouted Rye Bread are as: For a serving size of 90.0(oz/g), this product contains 245.0 calories. It has 48.8 grams of carbohydrates of which 14.8 grams are sugars. The product offers 7.7 grams of protein. It contains 2.1 grams of fat. The sodium content is 309.6 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Cream Cheese. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Vanilla Chocolate Twist, priced at RM8.50 under the Pastries category. Description: Why settle for one when you can have both! Our Vanilla Chocolate Twist suppresses the yin and yang of the vanilla custard filling and chocolate chips in its rich buttery and flaky dough. Extra Info: NULL. The nutritional details for Vanilla Chocolate Twist are as: For a serving size of 68.0(oz/g), this product contains 406.3 calories. It has 49.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 12.1 grams are sugars. The product offers 6.1 grams of protein. It contains 20.4 grams of fat. The sodium content is 397.3 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Apple Lattice, priced at RM5.40 under the Upsell Product, Pastries category. Description: An all-time favourite this popular golden pastry has stolen the hearts of many with its delicious apple filling and flaky exterior. Hardly a surprise it's a treat for both the ears and the tongue! As you bite down the sound of crumbling pastry hits the ears before a gush of sweet apple floods the tongue tingling all your taste buds. Extra Info: NULL. The nutritional details for Apple Lattice are as: For a serving size of 50.0(oz/g), this product contains 276.6 calories. It has 39.1 grams of carbohydrates of which 11.7 grams are sugars. The product offers 3.7 grams of protein. It contains 12.2 grams of fat. The sodium content is 0.0 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Vietnamese Spanish Latté, priced at RM10.90 under the Iced Coffee, Top Picks category. Description: We're getting coco-loco with our Spanish Latté. This bestseller has gotten a makeover with creamy coconut and rich Vietnamese coffee! Extra Info: A fragrant blend of Robusta & Arabica for the best of both worlds - combining strong coffee with brownie-sweet flavours our Vietnamese coffee is a yummy powerhouse!. The nutritional details for Vietnamese Spanish Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 245.0 calories. It has 38.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 24.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 5.0 grams of protein. It contains 8.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 140.0 mg. The ingredients for Vietnamese Spanish Latté are as: Milk. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, No Topping, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Pearl Sugar Waffle, priced at RM6.90 under the Upsell Product, Pastries category. Description: This chunky deliciously golden waffle is to die for! When the pearl sugar melts it creates a crispy crust that will please you & make your loved ones happy. Extra Info: NULL. The nutritional details for Pearl Sugar Waffle are as: For a serving size of 90.0(oz/g), this product contains 445.0 calories. It has 53.5 grams of carbohydrates of which 24.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 6.0 grams of protein. It contains 22.5 grams of fat. The sodium content is 1200.0 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Tom Yum Chicken Puff, priced at RM3.90 under the Upsell Product, Pastries category. Description: Perfect match of flaky puff pastry with hot and spicy tom yum chicken fillings. The fragrant spices and herbs spice UP your day a little moreeee. Extra Info: NULL. The nutritional details for Tom Yum Chicken Puff are as: For a serving size of 75.0(oz/g), this product contains 295.0 calories. It has 30.4 grams of carbohydrates of which 9.2 grams are sugars. The product offers 7.7 grams of protein. It contains 15.8 grams of fat. The sodium content is 314.5 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Chicken Curry Puff, priced at RM4.90 under the Upsell Product, Pastries category. Description: Original is always the best. Flaky texture with hot and tender chicken curry fillings! Extra Info: NULL. The nutritional details for Chicken Curry Puff are as: For a serving size of 75.0(oz/g), this product contains 280.0 calories. It has 26.1 grams of carbohydrates of which 4.7 grams are sugars. The product offers 8.8 grams of protein. It contains 15.6 grams of fat. The sodium content is 260.2 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Big Brekkie Croissant, priced at RM10.90 under the Upsell Product, Pastries category. Description: No one says no to croissants. The famous crescent shaped bun with added chicken mushroom & sliced cheese to ensure a balanced diet! Extra Info: NULL. The nutritional details for Big Brekkie Croissant are as: For a serving size of 140.0(oz/g), this product contains 221.0 calories. It has 22.5 grams of carbohydrates with no sugars. The product offers 8.0 grams of protein. It contains 11.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 180.6 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Shaken Double Espresso, priced at RM10.90 under the Iced Coffee, Top Picks category. Description: A delicious espresso craft hand-shaken to perfection with Vanilla and Caramel for that subtle sweetness topped with fresh milk. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: The hand-shaken method which was inspired by mixology helps in blending the ingredients and extracts our coffee's richest flavours and aroma. . The nutritional details for Iced Shaken Double Espresso are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 163.0 calories. It has 25.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 17.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 5.0 grams of protein. It contains 5.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 86.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Shaken Double Espresso are as: Coffee. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Caramel Cream Frappé, priced at RM14.90 under the ZUS Frappé category. Description: Specially made for our sweet toothed ZUSsies! Imagine drinking your favourite caramel toffee dessert in an ice-blended fashion yum! (WHIPPED CREAM IS NOT SERVED FOR DELIVERY) Extra Info: Feeling down and need something sweet to cheer yourself up? This is the perfect drink for you!. The nutritional details for Caramel Cream Frappé are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 376.0 calories. It has 74.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 50.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 4.0 grams of protein. It contains 8.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 558.0 mg. The ingredients for Caramel Cream Frappé are as: Milk. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, No Topping, No Shot, No Whipped Cream, With Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Add Chocolate Chip, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

OATSIDE CEO Latte, priced at RM13.10 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: Strong & aromatic a drink fit for a boss! Enjoy your CEO Latté your way; choose between two of our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: At ZUS we noticed that many important executives in the working world need their coffee quick and strong. That's how the CEO Latté was born because we realised that size doesn't matter for a seriously good cup of coffee. . The ingredients for OATSIDE CEO Latte are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot OATSIDE Spanish Latte, priced at RM14.10 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: Originating from Spain this special Spanish Latté is made with traditional espresso combined with sweet & textured milk giving it more body and sweetness. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: Sweet & textured milk has influenced the tastebuds of locals growing up being a staple that's been used in kopitiams throughout Malaysia's history. We wanted to bring this feeling of nostalgia back to our community of ZUSsies. . The ingredients for Hot OATSIDE Spanish Latte are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced OATSIDE Spanish Latte, priced at RM14.10 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: Originating from Spain this special Spanish Latté is made with traditional espresso combined with sweet & textured milk giving it more body and sweetness. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: Sweet & textured milk has influenced the tastebuds of locals growing up being a staple that's been used in kopitiams throughout Malaysia's history. We wanted to bring this feeling of nostalgia back to our community of ZUSsies. . The ingredients for Iced OATSIDE Spanish Latte are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot OATSIDE Japanese Genmaicha Latte, priced at RM14.10 under the Tea category. Description: A harmonic milky blend of Roasted Brown Rice and 100% Japanese Specialty Matcha. Extra Info: Our team embarked to Japan and was mindblown by the types of matcha that were available there. From the Land of the Rising Sun we brought a flavour that was both exquisite and unique to all the other matchas we have tasted. . The ingredients for Hot OATSIDE Japanese Genmaicha Latte are as: Genmai Powder. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, No Shot, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced OATSIDE Japanese Genmaicha Latte, priced at RM14.10 under the Tea category. Description: A harmonic milky blend of Roasted Brown Rice and 100% Japanese Specialty Matcha. Extra Info: Our team embarked to Japan and was mindblown by the types of matcha that were available there. From the Land of the Rising Sun we brought a flavour that was both exquisite and unique to all the other matchas we have tasted. . The ingredients for Iced OATSIDE Japanese Genmaicha Latte are as: Genmai Powder. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot OATSIDE Cafe Mocha, priced at RM16.00 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: The mixture of chocolate & coffee that created this tall dark and decadent drink has won over the hearts of many. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: For rich dessert lovers. Crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate (40% Cocoa). The ingredients for Hot OATSIDE Cafe Mocha are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, Extra Hot, No Topping, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced OATSIDE Cafe Mocha, priced at RM16.00 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: The mixture of chocolate & coffee that created this tall dark and decadent drink has won over the hearts of many. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: For rich dessert lovers. Crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate (40% Cocoa). The ingredients for Iced OATSIDE Cafe Mocha are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced OATSIDE Cafe Latte, priced at RM12.90 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: For those who enjoy milk coffee and loves that light creamy flavour that still packs a good buzz. Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: Milk is frothed between temperatures of 69-72ºC optimum to a Barista's touch and akin to the temperature that is suitable for our customers to drink immediately upon serving. The ingredients for Iced OATSIDE Cafe Latte are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot OATSIDE ZUS Cocoa Mocha, priced at RM16.00 under the Hot Coffee category. Description: ZUS takes on a richer version of the classic Mocha with double the Cocoa of the standard Mocha. Seriously 'KAW'! Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: For the traditional Mocha lovers that like their Mocha with more chocolatey kick! ZUS Cocoa Mocha is crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate (40% Cocoa). The ingredients for Hot OATSIDE ZUS Cocoa Mocha are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Standard (double), Hot, Warm, No Topping, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced OATSIDE ZUS Cocoa Mocha, priced at RM16.00 under the Iced Coffee category. Description: ZUS takes on a richer version of the classic Mocha with double the Cocoa of the standard Mocha. Seriously 'KAW'! Choose from our signature beans: BOSS (Chocolatey & Smokey) or LYDIA (Fruity & Nutty) *Choice of beans may not be available in some outlets BOSS beans will be used by default Extra Info: For the traditional Mocha lovers that like their Mocha with more chocolatey kick! ZUS Cocoa Mocha is crafted with 100% Australian Chocolate (40% Cocoa). The ingredients for Iced OATSIDE ZUS Cocoa Mocha are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, Velvet Crème, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Velvet Crème Latté, priced at RM13.80 under the Iced Coffee, Top Picks, Velvet Crème category. Description: Made with the perfect blend of rich espresso & smooth milk topped with a velvety cloud of crème brûlée that gives you the feeling of drinking a delectable dessert. Extra Info: Velvet crème will bring a magical twist to your daily kopi a daily necessity made extra luxurious. The nutritional details for Iced Velvet Crème Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 234.0 calories. It has 33.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 14.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 5.0 grams of protein. It contains 9.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 74.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Velvet Crème Latté are as: Milk. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, No Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Velvet Crème Matcha Latté, priced at RM13.80 under the Tea, Velvet Crème category. Description: A matcha & crème combo that melts in your mouth giving you that mellow sweet and earthy flavour combination that is lower on caffeine but still keeps you energised for the day. Extra Info: Level up your Zen with this fluffy velvet crème topped matcha coffee and feel the weight of the world leave your shoulders. The nutritional details for Iced Velvet Crème Matcha Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 302.0 calories. It has 58.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 22.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 7.0 grams of protein. It contains 5.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 140.0 mg. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, No Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Velvet Crème Mocha, priced at RM13.80 under the Iced Coffee, Velvet Crème category. Description: If you love chocolate + coffee then this version with a fluffy & sweet velvet crème on top will definitely satisfy that craving. Extra Info: Discover the complexity of a dark chocolate rich espresso warm caramel notes and a sweet creaminess – great for indulging!. The nutritional details for Iced Velvet Crème Mocha are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 293.0 calories. It has 51.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 18.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 5.0 grams of protein. It contains 8.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 113.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Velvet Crème Mocha are as: Whipped Cream. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, No Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Velvet Crème Latté, priced at RM13.80 under the Hot Coffee, Velvet Crème category. Description: Made with the perfect blend of rich espresso & smooth milk topped with a velvety cloud of crème brûlée that gives you the feeling of drinking a delectable dessert. Extra Info: Velvet crème will bring a magical twist to your daily kopi a daily necessity made extra luxurious. The nutritional details for Hot Velvet Crème Latté are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 319.0 calories. It has 36.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 33.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 7.0 grams of protein. It contains 16.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 119.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Velvet Crème Latté are as: Whipped Cream. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Standard (double), Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Velvet Crème Matcha Latté, priced at RM13.80 under the Tea, Velvet Crème category. Description: A matcha & crème combo that melts in your mouth giving you that mellow sweet and earthy flavour combination that is lower on caffeine but still keeps you energised for the day. Extra Info: Level up your Zen with this fluffy velvet crème topped matcha coffee and feel the weight of the world leave your shoulders. The nutritional details for Hot Velvet Crème Matcha Latté are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 354.0 calories. It has 56.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 29.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 9.0 grams of protein. It contains 11.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 147.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Velvet Crème Matcha Latté are as: Whipped Cream. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Standard (double), Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Velvet Crème Mocha, priced at RM13.80 under the Hot Coffee, Velvet Crème category. Description: If you love chocolate + coffee then this version with a fluffy & sweet velvet crème on top will definitely satisfy that craving. Extra Info: Discover the complexity of a dark chocolate rich espresso warm caramel notes and a sweet creaminess – great for indulging!. The nutritional details for Hot Velvet Crème Mocha are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 350.0 calories. It has 62.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 35.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 7.0 grams of protein. It contains 8.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 144.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Velvet Crème Mocha are as: Whipped Cream. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Standard (double), Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Egg Mayo Sandwich, priced at RM8.90 under the Sandwiches category. Description: Elevating a simple sandwich is tricky but our creamy Mixed Egg Mayo does an incredible job. The vege-trio of Romaine lettuce tomatoes and carrot lends this a multi-textured experience for a blissful bite. Extra Info: NULL. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Tuna & Egg Sandwich, priced at RM8.90 under the Sandwiches category. Description: Our unassuming Tuna Egg Sandwich is a wholesome powerhouse; a bite that has it all - protein carbs and fibre. As you chomp down you'll encounter fluffy white bread cushioning sweet mixed with creamy egg mayonnaise. Going lower crispy Romaine lettuce and juicy tart tomatoes complete the experience! Extra Info: NULL. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Tasty Chicken Sandwich, priced at RM8.90 under the Sandwiches category. Description: One of the time-tested classics this Chicken Sandwich is a staple for many. Pair this with one of our handcrafted drinks and you're golden. Extra Info: NULL. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Kaya Butter Toast, priced at RM5.40 under the Local Menu category. Description: Indulge in our mouth-watering Kaya Butter toast a must-try! It is buttery sweet & crunchy that will definitely satisfy your cravings at any time of day! Extra Info: The combination of crispy toast rich butter and the creamy kaya spread creates the perfect combination of sweetness and buttery heaven!. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Soft Boiled Eggs, priced at RM3.90 under the Local Menu category. Description: Get your daily protein fix with our eggcellent soft-boiled eggs with white pepper & soy sauce so smooth they'll melt in your mouth! Perfection every time as it is simple & satisfying! Extra Info: Eggs so creamy they'll make you forget about scrambled! A simple yet flavorful twist on our soft-boiled eggs served with white pepper & soy sauce for the best dipping experience! . It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Kaya Butter Toast with Soft Boiled Eggs, priced at RM8.90 under the Local Menu category. Description: Nothing is more satisfying and tasty than dipping our kaya butter toast into that perfect soy sauce pool with soft-boiled eggs! Dip it dip it real good! Extra Info: Savour the comforting warm kaya butter's taste on crispy toast paired perfectly with our soft-boiled eggs. With this combination it will never go wrong as you will not get tired of dipping!. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Toast with Curry Chicken, priced at RM12.40 under the Local Menu category. Description: Even if you don't like the idea of eating two kinds of carbs they're quite filling. It's an extremely amateurish meal. Extra Info: Curry is often described as a dish that is earthy spicy warming or even sometimes sweet. It is a well-balanced richly spiced dish with notes of deep savory flavors from turmeric coriander cumin bay leaf cinnamon and cloves just to name a few. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Classic Nasi Lemak, priced at RM10.90 under the Local Menu category. Description: NULL Extra Info: Nasi in the Malaysian language means “rice ” while lemak in this context means “rich” or “creamy ” although the literal translation is “fatty” or “oily. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Classic Nasi Lemak with Curry Chicken, priced at RM17.40 under the Local Menu category. Description: Who wants gravy for their nasi lemak we recommend curry chicken to go with the usual condiments of nasi lemak. Infused steamed coconut rice served with curry chicken fried anchovies & groundnut hard boiled egg cucumber slices and our spicy savoury sambal. Extra Info: The rice is fragrant and the sambal is kick-ass. Curry is mild tasting but fragrant with the spices and curry leaves. Even the meat is tender making it a comforting meal. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Vanilla Soft Serve, priced at RM3.90 under the Soft Serve category. Description: Fluffiest creamiest and dreamiest soft serve around 🍦 One bite & you'll be floating on a sweet sweet cloud of happiness. The perfect treat from a hot summer day to a cozy night in. Extra Info: One of the advantages of soft serve is that it has a lower fat content than traditional ice cream which makes it a popular choice for those who are watching their calorie intake. It's still a sweet treat that should be enjoyed in moderation as part of a balanced diet. The nutritional details for Vanilla Soft Serve are as: For a serving size of 8.0(oz/g), this product contains 346.0 calories. It has 19.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 15.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 3.0 grams of protein. It contains 29.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 94.0 mg. The ingredients for Vanilla Soft Serve are as: Softserve Premix. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: No Topping, Add Coffee Jelly, Add-on Caramel Drizzle, Add-on Chocolate Drizzle, Add-on Gula Melaka Drizzle. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Drizzle Soft Serve, priced at RM5.50 under the Soft Serve category. Description: Fluffiest creamiest and dreamiest soft serve around 🍦 Sink your teeth into a fluffy cloud that's drizzled with rich & gooey chocolate or caramel sauce. Extra Info: One of the advantages of soft serve is that it has a lower fat content than traditional ice cream which makes it a popular choice for those who are watching their calorie intake. It's still a sweet treat that should be enjoyed in moderation as part of a balanced diet. The ingredients for Drizzle Soft Serve are as: Softserve Premix. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: No Topping, Add Coffee Jelly, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Add-on Caramel Drizzle, Add-on Chocolate Drizzle, Add-on Gula Melaka Drizzle. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Affogato, priced at RM7.90 under the Soft Serve category. Description: Fluffiest creamiest and dreamiest soft serve around 🍦 And just when you thought it couldn't get any better we went ahead & drowned that fluffy goodness in a shot of espresso. Extra Info: It's the perfect soft serve during a hot day! Nothing beats a refreshing soft-serve especially as it combines creamy sweetness & bold coffee flavour! #coolmedowntreat. The nutritional details for Affogato are as: For a serving size of 8.0(oz/g), this product contains 355.0 calories. It has 19.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 15.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 3.4 grams of protein. It contains 29.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 108.0 mg. The ingredients for Affogato are as: Softserve Premix. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Standard (double), No Topping, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS, LYDIA, Add-on Caramel Drizzle, Add-on Chocolate Drizzle, Add-on Gula Melaka Drizzle. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Vienna Latté Float, priced at RM13.90 under the Soft Serve category. Description: It's the ultimate fluffy indulgence - a combination of velvety espresso frothy milk and a scoop of soft serve over the top that will make your taste buds sing. Extra Info: It's a delicious twist on a classic latte! Our creamy soft serve adds banging flavour to the rich espresso & steamed milk. So let's cool down & energise on a hot day getting your caffeine fix!. The nutritional details for Vienna Latté Float are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 419.0 calories. It has 22.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 17.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 7.0 grams of protein. It contains 34.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 129.0 mg. The ingredients for Vienna Latté Float are as: Softserve Premix. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Standard (double), Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Change to OATLY Milk , BOSS, LYDIA, Add-on Caramel Drizzle, Add-on Chocolate Drizzle, Add-on Gula Melaka Drizzle. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Buttercrème Latté, priced at RM10.90 under the Top Picks, Buttercrème category. Description: Crafted with a hint of our finest espresso steamed milk and a heavenly swirl of buttercrème it is a buttery bliss to savour! Perfect for coffee drinkers who prefer just a touch of caffeine and the warm fragrance of butter. Extra Info: Buttercrème is like a warm hug in a cup best for days when you are feeling cosy and need a little dose of comfort. The nutritional details for Iced Buttercrème Latté are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 315.0 calories. It has 29.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 20.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 6.0 grams of protein. It contains 19.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 179.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Buttercrème Latté are as: Frappe Roast. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Buttercrème Black, priced at RM10.90 under the Buttercrème category. Description: Buttery and nutty it is the perfect touch of fancy to the classic Americano. The flavours of roasted hazelnut serves to elevate the warmth of the buttercrème's richness to give that additional oomph to your morning coffee. Extra Info: Why settle for plain old coffee when you can have it with a twist? This flavorful buttery twist to your morning Americano is butter made better!. The nutritional details for Iced Buttercrème Black are as: For a serving size of 16.0(oz/g), this product contains 225.0 calories. It has 38.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 26.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 2.0 grams of protein. It contains 8.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 81.0 mg. The ingredients for Iced Buttercrème Black are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Normal Ice, Less Ice, Standard (double), No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Buttercrème Latté, priced at RM10.90 under the Buttercrème category. Description: Crafted with a hint of our finest espresso steamed milk and a heavenly swirl of buttercrème it is a buttery bliss to savour! Perfect for coffee drinkers who prefer just a touch of caffeine and the warm fragrance of butter. Extra Info: Buttercrème is like a warm hug in a cup best for days when you are feeling cosy and need a little dose of comfort. The nutritional details for Hot Buttercrème Latté are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 357.0 calories. It has 39.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 29.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 14.0 grams of protein. It contains 16.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 217.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Buttercrème Latté are as: Milk. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, No Shot, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot Buttercrème Black, priced at RM10.90 under the Buttercrème category. Description: Buttery and nutty it is the perfect touch of fancy to the classic Americano. The flavours of roasted hazelnut serves to elevate the warmth of the buttercrème's richness to give that additional oomph to your morning coffee. Extra Info: Why settle for plain old coffee when you can have it with a twist? This flavorful buttery twist to your morning Americano is butter made better!. The nutritional details for Hot Buttercrème Black are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 273.0 calories. It has 44.0 grams of carbohydrates of which 28.0 grams are sugars. The product offers 3.0 grams of protein. It contains 9.0 grams of fat. The sodium content is 137.0 mg. The ingredients for Hot Buttercrème Black are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Standard (double), Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, BOSS, LYDIA. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Strawberry Honey Latté, priced at RM10.90 under the Kids-Friendly, Velvet Crème category. Description: Delight in the sweet & refreshing blend of strawberry & honey topped with a velvety crème for that extra level of bliss! Extra Info: Want something that sweet and creamy that's also light and refreshing? Have a pink drink!. The ingredients for Iced Strawberry Honey Latté are as: Strawberry Sauce. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Velvet Crème Mango Lemonade, priced at RM10.90 under the Velvet Crème, Non-Coffee category. Description: Creamy & smooth like velvet it blends the succulent essence of mango & the zesty kick of lemonade. Beat the Malaysian heat with this refreshing oasis of flavours ☀️ Extra Info: Imagine stepping into a tropical oasis where the sun-drenched Malaysian weather dances upon your skin leaving you craving a refreshment that transports you to a world of delightful flavours! 😎. The ingredients for Iced Velvet Crème Mango Lemonade are as: Sjora Mango. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Normal Ice, Less Ice, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

CEO Latté*, priced at RM8.41 under the Top Picks category. Description: CEOs need their coffee stronger more aromatic and overall fit for a boss. Hence the CEO Latté was born with stronger coffee profile perfect or those who need their coffee quick and strong. [served in 12oz] Extra Info: At ZUS we have noticed that many important executives in this working world need their coffee quick and strong. That's when we took a step back regrouped and realised that sometimes. size doesn't matter for a seriously good cup of coffee. 217 KCAL. The nutritional details for CEO Latté* are as: For a serving size of 12.0(oz/g), this product contains 217.0 calories. It has 20.6 grams of carbohydrates of which 20.2 grams are sugars. The product offers 9.2 grams of protein. It contains 10.7 grams of fat. The sodium content is 284.0 mg. The ingredients for CEO Latté* are as: Coffee. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

ZUS OG CUP - BRIGHT WHITE, priced at RM55.00 under the Merchandise, Upsell Product category. Description: Introducing the OG Cup a true embodiment of the ZUS Coffee experience on-the-go. If this OG Cup looks oddly familiar to you you’re right! The OG Cup is inspired by the cups we use to serve our customers in our coffee shops. We want you to take a piece of us to wherever life takes you to! The OG Cup comes in two captivating colours: Thunder Blue and Bright White. Each colour captures the essence of the cups we use in our coffee shops. Extra Info: With a big mouth design the OG Cup allows you to savour every sip more deeply immersing yourself in the rich coffee flavour. With a dual-purpose lid you can choose to enjoy your coffee through a straw or savor it directly from the lid creating a seamless transition between tradition and modernity. You can kiss the leaks and spills goodbye with the leak-proof lid that provide you the ultimate worry-free coffee experience. The OG Cup is not only a companion ZUS-pecially designed for your on-the-go lifestyle it is also a reminder that ZUS is with you throughout your whole journey. Let ZUS be with you sip by sip in the form of this cup. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

ZUS OG CUP - THUNDER BLUE, priced at RM55.00 under the Merchandise, Upsell Product category. Description: Introducing the OG Cup a true embodiment of the ZUS Coffee experience on-the-go. If this OG Cup looks oddly familiar to you you’re right! The OG Cup is inspired by the cups we use to serve our customers in our coffee shops. We want you to take a piece of us to wherever life takes you to! The OG Cup comes in two captivating colours: Thunder Blue and Bright White. Each colour captures the essence of the cups we use in our coffee shops. Extra Info: With a big mouth design the OG Cup allows you to savour every sip more deeply immersing yourself in the rich coffee flavour. With a dual-purpose lid you can choose to enjoy your coffee through a straw or savor it directly from the lid creating a seamless transition between tradition and modernity. You can kiss the leaks and spills goodbye with the leak-proof lid that provide you the ultimate worry-free coffee experience. The OG Cup is not only a companion ZUS-pecially designed for your on-the-go lifestyle it is also a reminder that ZUS is with you throughout your whole journey. Let ZUS be with you sip by sip in the form of this cup. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced ZUS Kopi Teh Tarik, priced at RM10.90 under the Top Picks, Tarik Series category. Description: Your local favourite crafted with the seamless fusion of cham and velvety goodness. Sure to delight your senses with every sip! The comeback of our Cham-pur but kita kasi upgrade sikit! 👍🏻 Extra Info: If you are tired of the same old routine and you are looking for a new way to enjoy your coffee then this drink is for you!. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Normal Ice, Less Ice, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, Add Whipped Cream, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot ZUS Kopi Teh Tarik, priced at RM10.90 under the Tarik Series category. Description: Your local favourite crafted with the seamless fusion of cham and velvety goodness. Sure to delight your senses with every sip! The comeback of our Cham-pur but kita kasi upgrade sikit! 👍🏻 Extra Info: If you are tired of the same old routine and you are looking for a new way to enjoy your coffee then this drink is for you!. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced ZUS Teh Tarik, priced at RM10.90 under the Top Picks, Tarik Series category. Description: Enjoy old tradition with a modern addition –a blend between black tea cham & a velvety cloud of sweetness. You pasti akan Teh-Tarik! Extra Info: Take a trip down memory lane with a drop of modernity in a cup. . This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Normal Ice, Less Ice, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Topping, No Shot, Add Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Hot ZUS Teh Tarik, priced at RM10.90 under the Tarik Series category. Description: Enjoy old tradition with a modern addition –a blend between black tea cham & a velvety cloud of sweetness. You pasti akan Teh-Tarik! Extra Info: Take a trip down memory lane with a drop of modernity in a cup. . This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, Add Shot, Regular Sugar, Less Sugar, No Shot, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Tumbler, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Butterscotch Cashew Chocolate Chip Cookies, priced at RM5.90 under the Upsell Product, Healthy Snacks category. Description: Imagine enjoying a crunchy cookie bite that'll put the yummy in your tummy. Sounds good? A great sweet treat to go with your coffee taste the creamy blend of butterscotch and chocolate in each bite! Extra Info: Forget plain and simple cookies! We want you to experience the delightfulness of enjoying something creamy and chocolatey in the best way possible. . The nutritional details for Butterscotch Cashew Chocolate Chip Cookies are as: For a serving size of 40.0(oz/g), this product contains 492.0 calories. It has 66.6 grams of carbohydrates of which 40.4 grams are sugars. The product offers 6.8 grams of protein. The sodium content is 296.1 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Dark Chocolate Chip Cookies, priced at RM5.90 under the Healthy Snacks category. Description: Introducing our Dark Chocolate Chip cookies an attractive combination that blends naturally together. You'll fall in love with the sweetness complimenting the slight bitterness of the dark chocolate! Extra Info: A balance of bittersweetness now our ZUSsies can enjoy the delicious mix of sweet and dark! A new favourite that you'll crave for everytime!. The nutritional details for Dark Chocolate Chip Cookies are as: For a serving size of 40.0(oz/g), this product contains 483.0 calories. It has 67.8 grams of carbohydrates of which 46.2 grams are sugars. The product offers 5.5 grams of protein. The sodium content is 312.0 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

BBQ Peanut Crunch, priced at RM5.90 under the Healthy Snacks category. Description: Indulge your tastebuds for a delightful twist on the classic cookie experience! Our BBQ Peanut Crunch cookies bring the exotic flavour of smoky and nutty in one bite. You'll love it! Extra Info: We thought of doing the courtesy of bringing you the salty snack you didn't think you'd need! A savoury twist on the typical nutty flavour done right!. The nutritional details for BBQ Peanut Crunch are as: For a serving size of 50.0(oz/g), this product contains 555.0 calories. It has 34.9 grams of carbohydrates of which 6.7 grams are sugars. The product offers 20.0 grams of protein. It contains 39.3 grams of fat. The sodium content is 457.3 mg. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Strawberry Cheesecake Frappé, priced at RM14.90 under the ZUS Frappé, Top Picks category. Description: The sweetness of the strawberry balances out the savoury cheesecake flavour making it a good classic flavour match. it is almost like drinking a dessert! (WHIPPED CREAM IS NOT SERVED FOR DELIVERY) Extra Info: Instead of past present and future – we at ZUS would much prefer cream and strawberries!. The ingredients for Strawberry Cheesecake Frappé are as: Strawberry Sauce. This product contains dairy milk. It can be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Optional Add-ons: Change to Soy Milk, Dairy Milk, No Topping, No Shot, No Whipped Cream, With Whipped Cream, Change to Almond Milk, Change to Oat Milk, Salted Caramel Syrup, French Vanilla Syrup, Roasted Hazelnut Syrup, Caramel Drizzle, Chocolate Drizzle, Gula Melaka Drizzle, Change to OATLY Milk , Add Chocolate Chip, Add Coffee Jelly, BOSS*, LYDIA*. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Pepsi Sour, priced at RM9.90 under the Pepsi category. Description: Need a quick buzz during the rush hour? Dive into the electrifying sensation that will wake up your taste buds. It's the perfect blend of sour and fizzy flavour mixed with a hint of coffee creating a delightful burst of taste. Extra Info: Need a quick jolt of energy? Try this drink! . The ingredients for Pepsi Sour are as: Pepsi Black. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Pepsi Cloud, priced at RM11.90 under the Pepsi category. Description: Cloudy with a chance of Pepsi? It's time take your taste buds to heavenly heights. This special blend has a creamy burst of flavour that will make you feel alive & happy! Enjoy the mix of bold Pepsi coffee essence & a touch of velvety richness. Extra Info: Need a quick jolt of energy on cloud 9? This drink is for you!. The ingredients for Pepsi Cloud are as: Pepsi Black. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Buttercreme Spanish Latte, priced at RM12.80 under the Buttercrème category. Description: A touch of Buttercrème adds another a layer of indulgence to everyone's favourite Spanish Latté! The perfect coffee choice on any day. Extra Info: Level up your coffee break game with a touch of Buttercrème giving you soft and warm comfort. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Buttercreme Strawberry Latte, priced at RM13.80 under the Buttercrème category. Description: This isn't your ordinary latté –it's a journey that starts with the richness of Buttercrème followed by the refreshing taste of ripe strawberries. Each sip is guaranteed to leave you saying ooh-la-la! Extra Info: Nothing's better than a familiar flavour that keeps you feeling full of love and happiness – all in one cup. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

Iced Buttercreme Chocolatta, priced at RM13.80 under the Buttercrème category. Description: A blend that begins with chocolate a splash of espresso and our dreamy Buttercrème. Close your eyes take a sip and enter a world where chocolate and coffee combine! Extra Info: Why choose between butter coffee and chocolate when you can have all three in one!. It cannot be changed to soy milk, oat milk or almond milk. Eligible for discount: Yes. Eligible for delivery: Yes. Eligible for pickup: Yes. Eligible for dine-in: Yes. 

